"","speech"
"1","Sir, the answer to the first part of the question is that Government teachers, in common with other civil servants of equivalent status, are forbidden to take any part in political activities. They will not, therefore, be allowed to offer themselves for election to any statutory body representative of the community or of any section of the community. The answer to the second part of the question is that it is not intended to make any change in the existing rates of salary and allowances for Government teachers."
"2","I think, Sir, that the question of equal pay for men and women raises major social and economic issues which cannot be adequately answered in a supplementary question."
"3","I beg to second."
"4","Sir, I rise to second."
"5","No. The rates of pay for the Royal Malayan Navy were revised in 1952 and were fixed to correspond very closely to the rates for equivalent ranks in the Malay Regiment and in local units of the Imperial Forces. The powers, duties, responsibilities, and general conditions of service of personnel of the Royal Malayan Navy differ so widely from those of the members of the Singapore Police Force (SPF) that it is not considered possible accurately to compare the salaries and conditions of service of the two Forces."
"6","Although ratings are permitted to return to their homes when not on duty, they are all, whether married or not, accommodated in ships or in barracks while on duty. The question of Housing Allowance does not therefore appear to arise."
"7","The Honourable Member has not indicated the nature of the dissatisfaction he has in mind. On the specific points raised, the answer is that: (i) officers and men of the Royal Malayan Navy, unlike members of Volunteer and Cadet Forces, are subject to the Naval Discipline Act, and general regulations governing their discipline, organization and administration must conform with that Act. It would be contrary to established practice to consider setting up a civilian advisory board for any regular force; (ii) the Royal Malayan Navy has a Malay Welfare Officer whose services are always available to assist ratings. A Malay Regulating Petty Officer or other senior rating normally acts as interpreter in all cases involving charges or requests. The question of need for an interpreter will, however, be kept under review."
"8","It is intended to seek provision in the 1956 Estimates to arrange for canteen premises. It is hoped that if this is approved, the local N.A.A.F.I. authorities will be prepared to consider providing N.A.A.F.I. facilities for the Royal Malayan Navy similar to those provided for the other Armed Services In the meantime, Royal Malayan Navy personnel are permitted to use the N.A.A.F.I. canteen in the H.M.S. Terror."
"9","Unless the existing Royal Malayan Navy transport fleet is considerably expanded, at heavy cost, it will not be possible to provide transport for Royal Malayan Navy ratings for all recreational purposes off duty. They do at present receive bus tickets for such purposes at half price, the remainder of the cost being paid by Government."
"10","Loans are not granted to personnel of the Imperial Forces to enable them to build their own private houses, and are only granted to Government servants who have not less than 5 years service on the permanent establishment; the normal period of repayment of the loan is 15 years. Royal Malayan Navy ratings enter the Force either on a special service engagement to serve for 7 years in the Royal Malayan Navy and 5 years in the Royal Malayan Naval Reserve, or else on a continuous service engagement for 12 years, followed by reserve service. A rating performing special service may, if he wishes and is considered suitable, transfer to continuous service, but in no case does any rating enter for more than 12 years service in the first instance, although at the end of that period he may re-engage for a further period of 10 years, after which he is eligible to retire on pension. It is not, therefore, considered possible to furnish loans sufficiently large to facilitate the building of houses and at the same time to recover these within the limited period of a rating's engagement. The question of providing accommodation, within the Royal Malayan Navy area, suitable for the families of ratings is under active consideration."
"11","Government is not at present prepared to spend public money on the operation of a television service, in view of the heavy financial commitments required on social services. Government is prepared to consider any proposition put forward regarding the establishment of a television service by private enterprise."
