"","speech"
"1","asked Minister for National Development if he will ask the Housing and Development Board to allow single persons to continue to rent or own HDB flats when the nucleus family no longer exists because of the death of the only other person forming the family nucleus."
"2","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head L be reduced by $10 in respect of Subhead LB-01 of the Main Estimates. Sir, I would like to dwell a little on the teaching of Islamic Religious Knowledge in our secondary schools. I am glad that this subject has been revived after a lapse of a good number of years. One of the effective combatants of moral degradation of society, Sir, is religion. Religion not only enhances spiritual well-being but it also uplifts the moral behaviour of men, In this respect, I wish to congratulate the Ministry of Education on its vision and timely action to introduce religious and ethical studies in our schools. As regards Islamic Religious Knowledge, Sir, I would like to know how the teachers are selected and if any form of training is provided to instruct in the subject. For I believe that a good religious education teacher must first be convinced himself of the importance of his task before he could hope to convince his students. It is the right person, the person with the right attitude and thinking who can impart moral, religious or ethical values to the youngsters. He must be someone who can generate the right values- for the students to emulate in the most impressionable years of their life. Along with the recruitment and training of teachers, Sir, I would like to know if adequate and up-to-date instructional materials on Islamic Religious Knowledge are readily available. And with the teaching of the subject having had a run-through over the last few months, what steps are being taken to monitor the progress from both the teaching and learning angles? Finally, on the same topic, $ir, I understand that the subject is now being taught in the second language, i.e. ML2. This is well and good. But I am rather concerned about Muslim students who do not study Malay as a second language. I would like to know if arrangements are made to teach Islamic Religious Knowledge in English for such students. I would be happy to hear the comments of the Minister of Education on the above queries."
"3","Sir, can the Minister of State enlighten us whether there is any long-term plan for the training of such teachers to teach this particular subject? He mentioned just now that most of them are Malay school teachers. But I am more concerned about the ability of these teachers to follow the instructions and to impart their knowledge. My question is whether a long-term plan on the training of proper teachers for this subject could be looked into."
"4","Sir, I am happy with the explanation of the Minister and I beg leave to withdraw my amendment."
"5","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head L be reduced by $10 in respect of Subhead LB-03 of the Main Estimates. Sir, I would like to comment on the GCE 'O' level mid-year examinations, Malay as a second language paper. It appears that the papers were of a much higher standard than the TL2 or CL2 papers. Some of the contents of the papers were said to be even more difficult than the English language paper (ELl). Although the Ministry of Education in its reply to a newspaper reader's letter maintained that the papers were of normal standard, the fact that the contents of the question papers provoked much public outrage cannot be overlooked. I believe, Sir, that the papers are set by a panel of experts which in turn are moderated by a specialist. With such a foolproof system, it is hard to envisage that such a situation was allowed to prevail. A situation like this, Sir, spells grave consequences for the candidates especially for those who are vying to secure places in junior colleges or pre-university centres. Moreover, I have come to understand that candidates who score a certain range of grades in the mid-year examinations are not allowed to appear for the second language in the final examinations. May I get clarification from the Minister on this matter?"
"6","Sir, in view of the assurance given by the Minister of State, I beg leave to withdraw my amendment."
"7","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head L be reduced by $10 in respect of Subhead LD-01 of the Main Emimates. Sir, I would like to touch on the proposed Physical Education College even though this matter has been raised earlier by the Member for Serangoon Gardens. Since my last query, work has been done to make the said college a true and real entity. I wish to compliment the Ministry of Education on its prudence and initiative. A college of this type is vital for the physical well-being of our citizenry and is an essential attribute in this productivity conscious world of ours. However, the question of professionally qualified PE teachers strikes a grave note at the moment, for I gather that there are about 700 vacancies for such personnel. Contrary to this situation, it has been announced that at each intake, the College would only be able to train about 50 trainees. Now, Sir, I am rather concerned as to how this rate of training can rectify the rather lopsided PE teacher situation in our schools. If we are going to depend entirely on the PE College, it will definitely take a long time before all the vacancies can be filled with Loughborough-type trained PE teachers. As an interim measure, Sir, I would like to know if there are any plans to upgrade the present lot of PE teachers through refresher courses or in-service courses, something as an expedient and not as sophisticated as a Diploma course. Further, Sir, I understand that the Diploma course at the College would concern itself more with secondary school levels. I feel that a sound PE programme should start at the very basic stage, that is, at the primary school level. Concerning the recruitment of staff for the proposed College, I believe that a good proportion of the lecturers should come from our existing corps of Loughboroughtrained or other foreign trained graduates. These experts, with their intimate knowledge of the local situation, would constitute a great asset both in the planning of the curriculum and training of our students. With our system of national service and citizen army, it is imperative that the standard of physical education be enhanced more in keeping with changing trends in the social and economic spheres of activities in our Republic. I would be grateful, Sir, if the Minister of State for Education could enlighten me more on this matter."
"8","Sir, I need further clarification about my suggestion that an interim measure of retraining some of the PE teachers now in school to upgrade their standard or qualifications."
"9","Sir, I would like further clarification on this. On the staffing of this College, I mentioned whether local staff could also be trained to assist in this because of their intimate knowledge of our students here. Sir, could I have clarification on this also?"
"10","I refer mostly to our Loughborough-trained locals who have the experience. However, Sir, in view of the explanation given by the Minister of State, I am quite pleased with his answer and I beg leave to withdraw my amendment."
"11","Sir, I want to compliment the VITB for having done an excellent job in organizing the BEST classes in concert with other agencies, such as the NTUC and the Peoples Action Party branches. I gather that many of those without basic education have benefitted immensely. I would like some indication of the progress of these courses so far. Since those who have successfully completed the course are deemed to have attained the basic literary ability, I would like to know what sort of skilled courses are available for such workers to upgrade themselves? If there are already such courses in existence, how many have benefitted from them? Furthermore, Sir, we know that there is still a sizable number of such workers who have not participated in the BEST class programme for one reason or another. As it is, this type of workers who are likely to be at a great disadvantage in the future with developments in technology, computer science and robotics, what steps are being taken to encourage them to come forward and benefit by this programme? I will be grateful, Sir, for information on these queries from the Minister of State of Education."
"12","Mr Speaker, Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head Q be reduced by $10 in respect of Subhead QI-04 of the Main Estimates. Sir, I would like to speak on the administration and operations of the Drug Rehabilitation Centres for the treatment and rehabilitation of drug addicts. I have chosen to comment on this aspect, Sir, as a result of a number of complaints received from my constituents, particularly on the hardships to families of persons detained under this programme. It is inevitable, Sir, that most of these detained persons cause disruptions in the family life and domestic set-up. The impact is greater if the person concerned is a vital earning member of the family. This, of course, Sir, is worst felt in the case of families where he is the sole breadwinner. The misery caused under such circumstances could have grave social and pecuniary ill-effects. The consequences are so hurting and painful that many next-of-kins tend to overlook the merits of the detention and rehabilitation and lash out accusations that such detained persons are being detained longer than is necessary when they could be contributing to the family well-being. As a case in point, Sir, I wish to present the plight of a wife with a very young child whose husband has been detained. Before the detention, he was the sole breadwinner of that family. His detention has left her in the lurch as to how to make ends meet. She could find a job but her presence at home to look after a very young child is more important. She is now surviving on Social Welfare aid. In view of this, Mr Speaker, Sir, I would like to know as to how long such drug addicts are normally detained and what sort of rehabilitation programme is provided to ensure quick recovery. In this context, Sir, could the partially rehabilitated detainee be discharged, possibly on special and personal bonds by parents or immediate members of the family coupled with the supervision of volunteer after-care officers? I believe, Sir, involving the family at this stage of rehabilitation would have a better impact upon them. I would be grateful for clarification from the Minister on these queries, Sir."
"13","Sir, can I get further clarification as to whether it is possible for officials or members of RCs to fully inform the next-of-kin or families of the good work done by the staff of the DRCs so that they can further appreciate the long-term interest rather than the short-term interest as the Minister has mentioned. I believe that many members of the families would appreciate it if such counselling can be given to the next-of-kin as well so that they can assist in whatever way they can to help in a quicker recovery or the rehabilitation of those affected."
"14","Sir, I am grateful for the explanation given by the Minister. I beg leave to withdraw my amendment."
"15","Sir, I wish first to thank the HDB for bringing relief to the residents of Ayer Rajah housing estates in Dover Road over a long standing problem. The construction of the new parking lots will go a long way to solve the much needed convenience. Next, Sir, I wish to ask the Minister if there are any long term plans to expand the Ayer Rajah housing estates. At present the smallness in size and area appears to be detrimental to the residents. Some facilities which are normally available in larger housing estates are not found in Dover Road. When appeals were made to the relevant authorities for such amenities as POSB and additional bus services, the same standard replies were received. The main issue was that due to the smallness of the population the provision of such facilities was not viable. In many instances the residents were merely advised to use the facilities in neighbouring estates of Clementi New Town or Ghim Moh. Though they are not far, Sir, making use of the amenities there entails unnecessary bus journeys and away from their flats. By the same token, Sir, the business in the small market at Block 33 is far from satisfactory. Both the stallholders and residents are neglecting it for obvious reasons. The residents prefer to do their marketing in bigger markets elsewhere for want of better variety and quality. This undoubtedly has affected the business in the rather small Ayer Rajah Estate Market. Finally, Sir, I wonder if the Ministry of National Development has any plans to enhance the aesthetic environment of the small housing estate in Ayer Rajah."
"16","Mr Deputy Speaker, Sir, first, I would like to share the sentiments expressed by the Member for Serangoon Gardens on the 101 PDF Battalion which I had the privilege to serve during the Confrontation period. In fact, its history went back earlier than 1945, as early as 1934. A record of this is available. Just for the record, the members or volunteers participated during the Malayan Emergency period in 1948. During the racial riots in 1963 when the first mobilization was called, more than 90% of the members reported within 24 hours and also of course during the Confrontation period from 1963 to 1964. Sir, the set up of our Armed Forces is indeed unique in this part of the world, in the sense that the bulk of them are composed of reservists. Although the reservists form the backbone of our defence, the fact that these reservists are kept in shape by the permanent staff or regulars must not be overlooked. These regulars play a prominent pan in the retraining of the reservists periodically and equip them with the latest of military knowledge, strategy and tactics besides their normal quota of work in training the full-time national servicemen. I wish therefore, Sir, to call to attention the need for constantly upgrading and developing the skills of this, though small, but important breed of men and women, the regulars or permanent staff. This would enable them to meet with ever-changing developments in defence technology and warfare strategy. In view of this, what are the Defence Ministry's plans and training facilities to constantly review and upgrade the skills of the corps of regulars? These regulars, Sir, further need to enhance their knowledge and techniques of human relationship as men of better calibre and with diverse background and varied experience are presenting themselves all the year for training. The relationship between commanders and officers as well as between officers and soldiers have to keep in line with changing trends and prevailing situations. Over the years, Sir, management science has taken an about turn and the fundamentals of personal and tangible relationships are in vogue. There is much talk about informal management and teamwork to enhance productivity even in the Armed Forces. In this respect, Sir, what steps are being taken to educate the men in this modern management philosophy? By the same token, Sir, I would like to be enlightened about the sort of welfare schemes or incentives available for the regulars subsequent to our appreciation of their devotion to duty which is often performed at odd hours and over lengthy periods. Finally, Sir, I would like to seek your indulgence to speak on a subject that concerns the education of the young in the SAF. I was associated with the institution during its heydays and cherished bright hopes for its continued usefulness and progress. That, Sir, is the SAF Boys' School. The School itself, founded in 1975, was the brainchild of the First Deputy Prime Minister and the then Defence Minister. He had noble intentions for its establishment. It was meant for early school leavers to have the opportunity for continuous education which will eventually equip them with the necessary skills for their fruitful employment in the SAF. Since its inception, Sir, the SAF Boys' School has produced some 1,800 cadres who today form a significant portion of our corps of regular non-commissioned officers or NCOs. I have also been given to understand that they have been performing quite well in their present units. Of late, Sir, I have learnt with regret that the Boys' School scheme is being phased out. I would like to know the reasons behind this move and what is going to be the outcome of the existing ultra-modern complex, planned and built specially for the SAF Boys' School at Khatib Camp in Sembawang."
"17","Mr Speaker, Sir, I share the views expressed by the Members for Geylang Serai and Telok Blangah about Malay TV programmes. In recent times, there have been a lot of improvements and innovations in the programmes telecast by SBC. Special mention should be made with regard to the Malay entertainment programmes for their high quality and efficient presentation. However, television as a medium that is most popular with Singaporeans not only has to entertain but also impart knowledge and educate the viewers. Programmes like Opinion and forum discussions are good platforms for expounding views on national issues. Apart from these, programmes of general interest to the Malay speaking community as well as programmes that could be of special importance and benefit to students should also be included. I understand, Sir, that there is no lacking in such programmes in the Chinese section. I would like to know from the Minister for Culture whether the SBC has any plans to fulfil the need for educational and informative programmes produced in Malay by SBC."
"18","asked Minister for the Environment whether improvement can be made to disposal services and the clearing of drains in the villages along Pasir Panjang Road."
"19","A supplementary question, Sir. I appreciate the concern and the help given by the Minister. But the problem faced by these villagers is that a lot of development is being carried out by private developers."
"20","Sir, the question is whether further assistance could be given to the villagers and also to inform the contractors concerned to remove the debris, especially during the rainy season when a lot of floods occur in the area."
"21","asked Minister of Defence and Second Minister for Health whether there is any plan to move the Singapore Armed Forces Camp in Dover Road to another location as this Camp is situated in the midst of a Housing and Development Board Estate."
"22","asked Acting Minister for Labour whether there is a move to include occupational asthma as a Notifiable Disease in view of the exposure of workers to chemicals such as formaldehyde, isocynates and other chemicals which can cause occupational asthma."
"23","Sir, first of all, I would like to congratulate the Muslim Religious Council of Singapore for its unstinting efforts to funher upgrade the quality of its activities. At the moment, MUIS is not only well-known in the Southeast Asia but also in Asia-Pacific and West Asia. Sir, I support the suggestions put up at great length by the hon. Member for Kaki Bukit before the House adjourned on Friday, 16th March. To add to the suggestions referred to, I would like to seek clarification from the Hon. Minister concerned on three points. First, the management of Haj services. As we know, each year thousands of Muslims perform the fifth tenet of Islam and in turn every year we receive feedback from the pilgrims as well as from MUIS welfare officers who accompanied the pilgrims. My question is: what are the difficult problems that the pilgrims often encounter and which have not as yet been resolved? What steps have been taken and will be taken by MUIS on the Sheikhs, Hajis or pilgrim brokers to further enhance their Haj services at the Holy land in Makkah, Arafat, Mina and Madinah? The second point concerns the Singapore Islamic Centre. The question that I would like to pose regarding this project is: what further developments have taken place in connection with the construction of this Islamic Centre? When can the Centre be utilized by the Muslim community of Singapore? My third point is on deviationist teaching. I understand that from time to time, MUIS receives reports from the public or organizations concerning the activities of deviationist teaching. I hope the Hon. Minister would comment on the subject of deviationist teaching and on the steps to be taken by MUIS to blunt or check such activities so that it does not spread to the Muslim community in this Republic. Sir, I hope the Hon. Minister could clarify the three points that I have raised."
"24","Sir, it was mentioned a while ago that one of the problems encountered by the Haj pilgrims last year was when a sizable number of pilgrims were stranded at Jeddah airport and experienced various difficulties. I seek further clarification as to why a basic matter such as this could have occurred, and this is a source of anxiety to prospective Haj pilgrims who will perform the Haj pilgrimage this year if this problem could not be resolved."
"25","asked Minister for National Development if there are any plans to improve the flow of traffic along Pasir Panjang Road between Alexandra Road and South Buona Vista Road."
"26","asked Minister for National Development when Phase 11 of the Pine Grove Estate will be ready for occupation and whether recreational facilities, such as a children's playground and a jogging track, will be provided in the Estate."
"27","asked Minister for Finance and Minister for Trade and Industry when the Jurong Town Corporation will develop Pulau Seking and whether ample notice will be given to the residents to resettle."
"28","Mr Speaker, Sir, the Report explains that the growth of economic prosperity coupled with better standards of living and improved medical and health care in Singapore over the past two decades have very tangibly enhanced the lives of our citizens. Consequent upon this, there has been a significant increase in the life expectancy of the people. The demographic profile too has rightly shown a higher percentage of people leading active lives well into the 60's and 70's. The proportion of aged persons which was only 5% of the population in 1980 is expected to quadruple in the year 2030. Mr Speaker, Sir, in view of this trend, we have to recognize the fact that the greying population in Singapore will always be part and parcel of the mainstream of our society. This is a matter of national concern which merits serious consideration. Since the publication of the Report of the Committee on the Problems of the Aged, this topic has become a popular discussion amongst our people. The Report was also tabled for discussion at the recently held NTUC Ordinary Delegates Conference at its Workshop and I myself had the opportunity to listen to the views of the participants at first hand, I also had the opportunity to discuss the 35 or so recommendations with my constituents as well as members of the Citizens' Consultative Committee. From the response, it is observed that the workers and the residents are well aware of the problems pertaining to the aged and appreciate the solutions recommended in most cases. However, they would like to see modifications to the recommendations regarding the CPF withdrawal age and retirement age. Before I express my views on the recommendations of the Committee, it is pertinent for me to pay tribute to the Committee for analyzing the subject meticulously and coming up with a comprehensive, lucid and timely report. The 35 recommendations cover a wide range of aspects, and most of them are practical and beneficial. Although the CPF withdrawal and the retirement age recommendations have come up very much for debate, the other recommendations are generally acceptable. Mr Speaker, Sir, far from being a burden to society, the elderly should be recognized as a viable entity possessing experience, skills, knowledge and wisdom. All these qualities can assist in making useful contributions for the benefit of the community at large. In this connection, the recommendation for a national policy aimed at keeping every elderly individual physically and mentally active so that he can retain his normal living arrangement for any length of time is well supported. On the question of raising the mandatory retirement age, I support the prevailing views expressed - that it should be done progressively. In the private sector, this stipulation should be included when collective agreements are re-negotiated. Our present day workforce, with better health c,ire and living conditions, are fit and capable of many more years of productive labour well beyond their present retirement age. This trend needs to be realized and appreciated by the employers, and failure to tap and utilize their experience, skills and talent would indeed be a greater loss to the nation. Ideally, Sir, the Civil Service should take the lead in this direction. Consequent upon extension of the retirement age, it is pertinent that age discrimination should not be allowed to practise for employment purposes or to determine the conditions of service. Remuneration should be based on merit. Employers should take into account the experience, skill, knowledge, talent and wisdom of older workers and not exaggerate their perceived loss of dexterity, flexibility or adaptability. It must be appreciated that some older workers would at any time excel younger employees when it comes to loyalty, dedication, positive attitude and, in certain cases, professionalism. Any purported deficiencies on the part of the elderly workers could be overcome by employers by attempting to increase their flexibility and adaptability by training and retraining, occupational counselling and guidance. By this same token, Sir, we must also appreciate the fact that, in the Singapore of the coming decades, the labour pool will continue to shrink with the impending plans to phase out foreign workers. And thus the need to extend the active working years of our aged workers becomes inevitable. Next, I would like to touch upon the question of raising the withdrawal age of CPF. It is no myth, Sir, that employees in their late 40s must have made plans on how to manage and expend their CPF contributions which are withdrawable at the age of 55. There might be others who would like to put their children through higher education or go on a holiday after retiring. On the same note, many Muslim employees might look forward to go on a pilgrimage with the help of this financial backing. All these people need not be included in the category of mismanagement. On the contrary, they might be among those whose future is secure, children fully inculcated in filial piety and a full sense of responsibility. It is this type of people who might wish to take advantage of their sound position and good health to enjoy the fruits of their labour while they could. In view of the above, I appeal to this House to look into two possible solutions relating to the CPF withdrawal. First, that this consideration be introduced to new workers who are entering the labour market. These people are to withdraw their CPF at the mandatory age to be decided by the new CPF Act. But for those who are already making contributions to the CPF, they should be allowed to withdraw all the moneys which are deposited into their CPF prior to the introduction of the new mandatory age. They can withdraw all these moneys at the age of 55. However, whatever CPF contributions they make after the new mandatory withdrawal age can only be withdrawn upon reaching the new mandatory age as set by the CPF Act. I am of the opinion that these two proposals may aid a lot of people who in one way or another depend upon the withdrawal of CPF to fulfil their life-long ambition. However, consideration may be given to the revision of the withdrawal age of CPF only when the raising of mandatory retirement age has been widely accepted and practised. Mr Speaker, Sir, I would now like to touch on annuity. The concept of annuity is relatively new to workers, although it purports to assist retired workers to manage their CPF savings. In order to enlighten all concerned, more information should be provided to help workers to understand the advantages or disadvantages of such a scheme. In this respect, insurance companies could play an active role in disseminating details of the various annuity options available to the workers in the language that they can understand. Next, Mr Speaker, Sir, I would like to refer to the recommendation that a programme of family life education for newly married couples be introduced. It is my contention, Sir, that instead of waiting till the marriage stage, lessons on filial piety, responsibility for the aged parents and family relationship should be inculcated through moral education programmes in schools and proper upbringing at home. As an appropriate measure to deter any unfilial person who fails to perform his duties towards his parents, a law should be passed to impose an obligation on children to look after their parents. Finally, I would like to delve a linle on the Homes for the Aged. The recommendation that there should be only two types of Homes for the Aged, namely, Homes for the Aged Sick and Homes for the Destitute, is indeed pertinent so as to discourage children from discarding their aged parents. The Government should introduce legislation for the central supervision and management of such Homes. It would also be ideal, Sir, that Homes for the Aged be located in or within the vicinity of HDB estates so that the inmates will not feel ostracized from the mainstream of the community. Moreover, it would be easier to get a steady supply of volunteer workers to provide such services as recommended, i.e. Good Neighbour Programmes, Home Help Services, Meal Delivery Services as well as Respite Services. Finally, Sir, I beg to support the amendment of the Member for Kebun Baru."
"29","Mr Deputy Speaker, listening to the speech by the Member for Anson, I felt very upset. The impression I got is that our Singapore worker are proscribed, suffering, miserable, impoverished, oppressed and only puppets of employers. And he also alleges that the services promised to the workers are only lip service. Where is his sincerity when he refuses to listen to the true explanations, which I am going to tell him, by leaving the Chamber? Most deplorable. Several of my colleagues and I daily are involved in the activities of the workers and trade unionists discussing from time to time, outside of office hours, ways and means to enhance their working conditions, not just as workers only but, more than that, as citizens and as one community heading towards the same direction. However, the Member for Anson persistently refuses to accept the truth and, as I am no orator, I do not wish to pursue the matter further. What I wish to stress to him is that he should open his eyes wide and see for himself the living conditions of the workers in Singapore, be it at the workplace, their home or wherever they may be. Look at the food they eat, their comfortable life at home, how their children are attired and also their level of wages which they have been getting today. There is no need for me to elaborate the true living conditions enjoyed by our workers today. If we peruse the local dailies, we will be able to know in depth the determination of our workers in preparing themselves to achieve further progress in the years ahead, and I am convinced that the purpose of introducing this amendment is no other than for the upliftment of the conditions of our workers and also for our Singapore society as a whole. As the issues that I intend to raise have already been touched upon by my colleagues from Boon Lay and Aljunied, I do not wish to cover the same points again. I only hope that great care must be exercised in the initial implementation of these amendments in order to gain the confidence of the workers; that the workers are convinced of our sincerity to further uplift their working conditions, because our workers comprise those who are not so skilled, with inadequate education, but who are already advanced in age and who may find it difficult to adapt themselves to new situations and who may require a longer time to absorb these amendments. These amendments have to be explained to them to enable them to grasp the full implications and thus encourage them to strive even harder in order to progress. Although the NTUC has organized and conducted courses, classes, such as BEST and others, I feel that this can be dons more successfully if the full support of the employers is forthcoming. I support this amendment. Hopefully, we can achieve even more rapid progress. Thank you."
"30","Mr Deputy Speaker, Sir, I support the Amendment Bill moved by the Hon. Minister for Social Affairs. I wish to congratulate the Government for giving its full support to Mendaki. The Hon. Prime Minister, at the inauguration of Mendaki's Congress held at the Singapore Conference Hall on 28th May 1982, said: 'It is in the interest of all if the Singapore Malays possess better education and qualifications and can make meaningful contributions towards national development.' Sir, since Mendaki was established in 1981, various endeavours had been carried out to raise funds in order to pay for the cost of projects and activities launched. Also, several surveys had been carried out to expand the sources of finance so that money would not be a stumbling block for the Muslim community in its efforts to achieve higher education. The support and encouragement received from the Muslim community as well as from the non-Muslim community is encouraging. However, the contributions received so far are not permanent in nature and unstable, as has been explained by the Hon. Minister earlier. The introduction of this Amendment Bill is like a windfall which affords an opportunity for the Muslim community to mobilize their resources and make their contributions to Mendaki in a permanent manner. The enthusiasm manifested by the Muslim community to be self-reliant and work together through their contributions towards the Mosque Building Fund has been proven by the erection of mosques in the various housing estates. I am confident that with the introduction of this Amendment Bill, the Muslim community can once again demonstrate their positive attitude by continuing to contribute to Mendaki. I wish to support the views expressed earlier by the Member for Geylang Serai that Mendaki should take measures to strengthen its infrastructure in order to manage its financial administration, programme research and the implementation of its activities, both short-term and long-term, professionally, and not be dependent upon volunteers whose services are perhaps constrained by time and energy. Another matter which should be given attention is how Mendaki can bring home the message of trust to the whole community, especially to the less educated parents, concerning the role they should play to educate their children. The raising of the standard and quality of Muslim children's education cannot be achieved so long as the Muslim community, particularly parents, relatives and students themselves, fail to practise the characteristics of life that extol knowledge of learning and, at the same time, be self-reliant to achieve our laudable objectives. Finally, I seek further clarification from the Hon. Minister concerning the facilities at Siglap Indah Primary School which will become the headquarters of Mendaki. Also, when can the school be used as Mendaki's headquarters? Mr Deputy Speaker, Sir, I support the Bill."
