"","speech"
"1","asked Minister of Defence how many persons have been trained in a skill or craft whilst undergoing National Service and whether his Ministry has any plan to inject more vocational training during the period of National Service and if it will consider the use of facilities provided by the Vocational and Industrial Training Board, the Economic Development Board and other government training centres."
"2","asked Minister for National Development whether there are plans to develop (i) the areas around Alexandra Terrace, Alexandra Lane, Pepys Road and Jalan Pasir Ria along Pasir Panjang Road; and (ii) Pulau Sakeng, in the Pasir Panjang Constituency."
"3","asked Minister for National Development what steps are being taken to improve the flow of traffic, especially during the peak hours, along Ayer Rajah Road between ClementI Road and Giliman Circus."
"4","Mr Speaker, Sir, I wish to offer my congratulations to the Hon. Minister for Trade and Industry for once again presenting what has been generally,acknowledged as a ""very reasonable and cautious budget with something for everyone"". Although it is difficult to please everyone, the Budget appears to have achieved the impossible. In the preparation of the Budget, the Minister has taken into consideration the prevailing turbulent world economic conditions and, rightly so, decided not to ""rock the boat"" any more by levying new taxes or raising the rates of existing taxes. Mr Speaker, Sir, it is gratifying to note that productivity, in the past year, increased by 5.4% as a result of the business enterprises taking a judicious view of the potential of our economic restructuring and consequently investing in mechanization and automation. This was complemented by the efforts of union leaders and workers. Our disciplined workforce led by able, positive-thinking union leaders, has always been one that responds to the nation's call for survival and progress. The exhortations and call for improved productivity, better work attitudes and better people-management have been successful largely through the Government's efforts and Labour's cooperation. With economic restructuring, the enhancement of the quality of the workforce becomes essential. Economic restructuring is often equated with the adoption of higher technology and modern methods of production. However, for mechanization, automation or computerization to be effective, our workers must adapt to the new work environment. They will have to be trained or retrained to man the new and sophisticated machinery and software. Our workers must become more competent in their jobs, if we are to succeed in meeting the challenges from a competitive world. lb this respect, I am glad to note that great efforts have been made by the Government to increase the student population in the technical field, both i-n the vocational institutes and tertiary institutions. /Training of unskilled workers/ In promoting the acquisition of higher technical skills, emphasis has been placed on the skilled workforce to further their levels of attainment. But in our keenness to do this, we must never lose sight of the plight of the unskilled and semi-skilled workers who are at the lower rung of the economic ladder. They form the bulk of the older group of workers; and in the early days of industrialization process, it was they who formed the very backbone of our manpower supply. We cannot ignore them now. These workers have been side-tracked from this race for acquisition of new skills for a variety of reasons, one of which is educational disability. If nothing is done to uplift this body of workers, they are doomed to continue to work in lowpaying, unskilled jobs which could one day even become obsolete with greater technological advances. If these unskilled or semi-skilled workers are not helped to advance to higher level skills, I am afraid they will increasingly constitute a drag on the rest of the society and undermine all the previous socio-economic gains made in Republic of Singapore . It is our duty and responsibility, therefore, to take adequate measures to help them to upgrade their knowledge and skills. Thus, they will become more productive and consequently improve their material well being. I fully support the recommendations made by the hon. Members for West Coast and Geylang Serai on ways and means of upgrading the performance of this category of workers. The NTUC has taken steps to re-educate and retrain these workers through the various education and training courses. I urge the Government to give full support to this good gesture. /Job-hopping/ Mr Speaker, Sir, it was indeed heartening to hear the Hon. Minister state that in the year 1981 there were lesser instances of job-hopping. This goes to prove that the average Singapore worker is maturing fast and has realized the potential advantages of a steady career in a good enterprise. These positive attitudes could be further enhanced if the management or employers take the lead in creating a more conducive industrial environment so that workers could feel that they are part and parcel of the enterprise. Some companies, however, have already taken the lead and formed Quality Control Circles or Work Excellence Committees. the Government and statutory boards have Work Improvement Teams (WITs). All these committees have been formed with the main objective of improving productivity, staff morale and team spirit. However, the success of such committees attaining the desired objectives depends to a large extent on the interest, enthusiasm and encouragement shown by the top management and employers. Employers have the responsibility to ensure that they continue to motivate these committees to succeed by sending the members to appropriate courses organized by the National Productivity Board. Perhaps the Government should encourage more such committees to be formed, and also to step up on the number of NPB courses available. /Housing and Development Board (HDB)/ Mr Speaker, Sir, in the Budget Statement, the Hon. Minister has emphasized that the construction industry is of vital importance to the economy of the country. It is heartening to note in this regard that positive steps are being taken to build more flats in the next two years to meet increasing demands. However, there is still concern about the continuous supply of skilled construction workers, as we still need to employ foreign workers from non-traditional sources. The long-term plan for the establishment of a Special Training School for construction workers is indeed laudable. In the meantime, more young Singaporeans should be encouraged to become construction workers, so that eventually a permanent pool of such a workforce could be set up. Efforts should also be made to enlighten both trainees and parents on the relevant advantages of pursuing a career in the construction industry. They should also be assured that such a career is relatively safe, challenging and rewarding. In this context, I would like to refer to the SAF Boys' School that is run by the Ministry of Defence. In the school, youngsters between the ages of 14 and 16 and who are of average ability not only learn a trade and receive continuation education but are also instilled with a deep sense of loyalty and discipline. The vocational training they receive equips them with sufficient skills in the Technical, Combat and Logistics fields for a fruitful career in SAF. Perhaps a similar scheme could be devised for the training of skilled workers for various categories of jobs in the construction industry. /Pensions/ Mr Speaker, Sir, I am not glorifying the Budget but I feel that one particular concession deserves mentioning. The special recognition accorded to the long-term needs of the pensioners in the lower income group, who are heavily burdened by the high cost of living, is, indeed, timely. Such concern and care has helped much to eradicate the general feeling among pensioners of being neglected and disregarded. It is also praiseworthy that the Hon. Minister has found it fit to increase the tax relief for aged dependants from $750 to $1,000 per aged parent. But with the current inflationary trends, I feel that this increase is still not sufficient. I would like to suggest that the tax relief for the aged parents be raised to $2,000 per aged parent, which sum is equivalent to the relief for the maintenance of handicapped dependants, I feel that the maintenance and care of aged parents is not an easy task to shoulder, especially by workers in the middle or lower income groups. Sir, on this note, I support the Budget Statement by the Hon. Minister for Trade and Industry."
"5","Mr Speaker, Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head K be reduced by $10 in respect of Subhead KB-01 of the Main Estimates. Sir, it has often been asserted that our reservists form the very backbone of our defence capability. They form the bulk of our trained servicemen. Besides combat readiness for operational duties, an essential factor that enhances the performance of these reservists is the continued esprit de corps among the members. There should also be rapport, understanding, mutual trust, and confidence as well as camaraderie among each reservist unit. These basic tenets of unity are instilled in them during the course of their full-time National Service training. My query now is what further steps are being taken to ensure that this spirit of devotion and dedication is sustained and enhanced while the men are in the Reservist Units. I believe that there should be occasions for this group of devoted servicemen to meet one another not only during in-camp training but also on other informal occasions where besides the reservists themselves, members of their families could also be present. Thus the bond of comradeship can be further strengthened."
"6","I am grateful, Sir, for the assurance given by the Minister of State of Defence and strongly supported by the Minister himself. I am quite confident of the capabilities of our Armed Forces. I beg leave to withdraw my amendment."
"7","Mr Speaker, Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head K be reduced by $10 in respect of Subhead KB-03 of the Main Estimates. Sir, the Outward Bound School run by the Ministry of Defence is unique in that it is the only institution in Republic of Singapore that provides opportunities for a combination of adventure and leadership training. It is laudable that Mindef is also providing this rare service to the Ministry of Education and civic organizations, for I believe that the school is a good place for character building for our youths. All these, of course, entail manpower - skilled and experienced. My concern is about such trained personnel in the School. Do we have sufficient trained instructors in the School and, if so, what are the opportunities available for these instructors, who conduct courses throughout the year, not only to upgrade their skills but also to introduce new activities? Are there any plans to improve the existing facilities and to expand the school?"
"8","Sir, I would like to get clarification again on the opportunities available for the instructors to upgrade their performance and the possibility of introducing new activities."
"9","Sir, a further clarification. Am I to understand that the courses for the instructors are available locally or overseas?"
"10","I am grateful to the Minister of State of Defence for the answers given, and I would like to withdraw my amendment."
"11","Mr Speaker, Sir, will the impending legislation on the use of metal scaffolds impose an unnecessary financial strain on the construction industry owing to the high capital cost involved in the use of metal scaffolds?"
"12","Mr Speaker, Sir, it is gratifying to note from the Ministry of Labour Annual Report for 1980 that the Workmen's Compensation Act was reviewed and amended to increase compensation to injured workers and dependants of deceased workers. I would now like to comment on the disbursement of workmen's compensation. I understand that the payment of compensation is slow and sometimes disbursed in instalments. Sir, when workmen's compensation is to be paid, either the worker has already suffered permanent injury or he has already died. it seems only proper that compensation be paid as speedily as possible so as not to aggravate the sufferings of the worker or the sufferings of his family as the case may be. With changing trends in employment as a result of newer techniques, lists of occupational diseases should be reviewed constantly. Newer areas of hazards to be looked into could possibly be noise, vibrations, visual fatigue, scope work and work on display terminals in the work environment. Mr Speaker, Sir, in the 1980s we have begun concentrating on tertiary industries on the so-called brain services like medical specialists, engineering consultancy, computer software and other professional services. Occupational hazards in these areas would be different and employees employed in this sector need to be adequately protected. Perhaps a committee could assist in monitoring the prevalence of these new industrial diseases as new chemicals are introduced in the work places. I would like to recommend that such a committee be a tripartite advisory committee composed of representatives of the Government, unions and management. Representatives of professional associations could also be included for expert advice. I would like now, Sir, to touch briefly on the welfare of the workers. The Workmen's Compensation Act does not cover injury sustained whilst an employee, representing the enterprise or company, participates in organized activities, such as games, tournaments, etc. after working hours. As part of the welfare benefits for workers, it is my considered view that provision should be made in the Act for this. I feel that this would further promote a deep sense of pride and loyalty to the company."
"13","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head R be reduced by $10 in respect of Subhead RD-03 of the Main Estimates. Sir, the importance of safety of the workers in industry need no further elaboration. Any accident in the workplace would not only cost the loss of manhours, thus affecting productivity but also the lives of the workers. It is inevitable, therefore, that there is a need to continue to maintain a high standard of safety consciousness among all concerned, management, supervisors and workers. In this respect, I would like to commend the efforts of the Inspectorate of the Ministry of Labour for constantly striving to upgrade safety measures in the industrial environment. I understand that in some shipyards, safety consciousness is so ingrained in the employees that a safety committee is formed for every vessel under repair. I feel that this idea of self-regulatory measure is praiseworthy and should be extended to the woodwork, construction and metal industries which are heavily accident prone. At this juncture, I would like to know if there are sufficient inspectors available to check and monitor the effectiveness of the safety measures implemented at the various factories or industries. It is vital that courses on industrial safety be conducted to enhance the level of safety consciousness among workers and man- agement. In this connection, I gather that the Inspectorate from the Labour Ministry had done yeomen's services, especially to Advisory Committees, to plan and organize safety instruction courses. Unions have also been conducting on-going courses on safety. But due to the large number of personnel involved, the courses could not possibly be conducted with the desired intensity. May I suggest perhaps the Ministry of Labour could consider requesting the National Productivity Board to assist in conducting courses on safety. Sir, I would now like to touch on the question of safety officers. I believe certain categories of heavy industries are required to have safety officers. But some of these industries are unable to get suitable personnel as the qualifications stipulated in the Factories (Qualifications and Training of Safety Officers) Regulations 1975 are extremely high. I would like to know what steps are being taken to improve or increase the number of safety officers. In the meantime, perhaps safety officers who do not possess the necessary paper qualifications but have the relevant working and ground experience could be considered for registration. These officers could then supervise and improve on the safety aspects of the industries, thus offering confidence and assurance to the workers that their welfare and safety is always being taken care of by all concerned."
"14","Sir, in view of the assurance given by the Minister of State, I beg to withdraw my amendment."
"15","Mr Speaker, Sir, many residents in HDB estates face the problem of disposing bulky items, e.g., broken-down TV sets beyond repair or broken and old furniture. These items cannot be thrown down the rubbish chute. They must be taken down to the ground and transported to approved dumping sites. The cost of entering a dumping site is approximately $100 per entry, regardless of the quantity to be dumped. The inconvenience and cost of proper disposal has inevitably led to residents in HDB flats simply abandoning bulky items in common corridors or lift landings, posing a fire hazard and causing obstruction. Some residents have been a little more enterprising and are considerate enough to bring unwanted items down to the ground to be abandoned. They then complain, or wait for others to complain, to the Residents' Committees, who would then draw the attention of the HDB to the offending items. HDB would then clear the items. Instead of providing a service in this circuitous way, could the HDB not do it for the convenience of all HDB residents? I understand that in most Japanese cities, the public cleansing department designates a specific day of the month, for exam- ple the first Monday of the month, when they will collect such bulky items. If the HDB can offer a regular service, I am sure that residents will cooperate by bringing bulky items down to the ground level and place them at designated collection points. Mr Speaker, Sir, it is heartening to note that positive steps are being taken to build more flats in the next two years to meet increasing demands. However, in this pursuit I would like to urge the HDB to give due consideration to building sufficient 2 or 3-room flats to cater for the lower income group. This group of workers cannot afford to purchase bigger flats due to the high cost. I also share the views expressed by the hon. Member for Leng Kee on this matter. Since the problem of low-water pressure has been mentioned by the hon. Member for Alexandra, I would just like to add that a similar situation occurs in Dover East, especially in Blocks 12, 13 and 14. Perhaps the HDB could take remedial action to solve this problem."
"16","Sir, I think the Minister has not answered my query, especially on the disposal of bulky items."
"17","Sir, is it possible for the HDB to allocate one day of the week or any day of the month where residents could put all their bulky items at one place so that arrangements could be made to dispose them? This is for the convenience of the residents as well as the HDB."
"18","I wish to speak in Malay, Sir."
"19","Yes, but it is on the same topic, Sir."
"20","No, Sir."
"21","Mr Speaker, Sir, on this Subhead I wish to touch on three matters connected with MUIS. First, the role of the Muslim Religious Council; second, the problem of the construction of new mosques; and, third, deviationist or false teachings. I take this opportunity also to congratulate MUIS which has carried out its task very well, as has been voiced by the hon. Member for Kampong Kembangan just now. Sir, the Muslim Religious Council, Singapore, is the highest controlling body in Republic of Singapore for all matters pertaining to Islamic affairs. Since its inception in 1968, the Council has been burdened with increasingly varied responsibilities. In 1981, MUIS became involved in other missionary activities which include, among other things, the coordination of scholarships for Muslim students as well as supervising religious instruction in Singapore on a nation-wide basis, besides welfare homes, prisons, detention and rehabilitation centres. With the establishment of the Jawatankuasa Haiah Dakwah (JHD), MUIS has been coordinating the celebration of important festivities in the Muslim calendar throughout Singapore. MUIS has also been invited to attend conferences outside Singapore, involving various Islamic missionary activities. What I would like to ask is whether MUIS has sufficient qualified and trained manpower to handle these multifarious responsibilities enumerated earlier. I pose this question with a view to ensuring that MUIS, being the highest body administering Islamic affairs in Singapore, can discharge its tasks and functions more effectively. The second point that I wish to raise concerns the construction of new mosques. It has been announced that nine new mosques are to be constructed under Phase II of the Mosque Building Programme. In certain areas, Mosque Building Fund Committees have been formed. One pressing problem faced by these Committees is the competition for fund-raising projects. Apparently they all have a target for donations from the Muslim community. In view of this, would it not be possible for MUIS to centralize all fund-raising activities and to coordinate all fund-raising programmes? 6.15 p.m. My third point is on the prevention of false teachings. One of the initial responsibilities of MUIS is to check on the spread of false or deviationist teachings of Islam. Could the Minister throw some light on this subject? How many cases have been reported to-date? What remedial measures have been taken to warn the Muslim community of the unscrupulous intentions of the propagators of such false teachings?"
"22","asked First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Education when the proposed College for Physical Education will materialize, and how it will help to upgrade the general standard of physical fitness of our young population."
"23","Mr Speaker, Sir, I wish to discuss the objects of the Trade Unions (Amendment) Bill. the proposed amendments are consonant with the principles and objectives of a new and modern trade union. These amendments should, therefore, receive the necessary attention and support. These amendments will enhance the already existing cooperation and mutual understanding between the workers and employers. The emphasis of this Amendment Bill is shifted from one of confrontation to one of cooperation and overall well-being. Union members will certainly agree with this change of principles for the promotion of good industrial relations, betterment of their well-being and status and the raising of productivity. These amendments also signify a positive approach for workers to improve themselves through training and for the acquisition of better skills. This would, in time, result in the upgrading of their own performance and provide the atmosphere for better wages and will benefit all parties concerned. As I said just now, these amendments open new vistas for mutual benefit and cooperation. Workers will possess this new attitude and spirit because the working environments are conducive to the acquisition of such characteristics. Under the new working climate goodwill, trust and loyalty of the workers are thus strengthened. They possess that feeling of having the same role to play in the progress achieved by their companies. Changes in the thinking of the workers would certainly bring about tangible changes in industrial relations. Such a situation will pave the way for a good industrial climate. The spirit of cooperation at the highest level will permeate through the entire infrastructure of the company. Examples of the prosperity of successful companies can be seen in Singapore now where all the employees, supervisors and management have good and cordial relations and who, in turn, furnish good feedback. In the light of my remarks, it is obvious that the introduction of the amendments is a genuine attempt to harmonize the Trade Unions Act with the real situation prevailing in our country. Nevertheless, I seek elucidation from the Minister for Labour concerning the new sections of the Amendment Bill. The amendments proposed under the new definition of a trade union in clause 2 reflect a change in the objectives of a trade union, I wish to seek clarification from the Minister for Labour as to why paragraph (d) of the definition contained in the Trade Unions Act has been deleted entirely from the Amendment Bill. Although the prevailing industrial climate is good, and the question of strike and the like has never surfaced or occurred for many years now - and hopefully strikes will not occur forever - yet I feel that paragraph (d), as contained in the Trade Unions Act, should be retained. In my opinion, paragraph (d) will act as a ""shield"" or ""weapon"" that can be used by trade unions if a need really arises. This can also provide as a bulwark to employers or individuals who deliberately obstruct trade unions from attaining their lofty ideals. I wish also to seek the assurance of the Minister for Labour that, with these amendments, managements will adopt a positive attitude and truly comprehend the objectives of trade unions and give due encouragement so that the lofty objectives under clause 2 of the Amendment Bill can be achieved, as this will benefit not only workers, trade unions but also employers, companies and the country as well."
