"","speech"
"1","Mr Speaker, Sir, I rise in support of the motion under the name of the Minister for Finance. Sir, it is the desire of every government to provide economic prosperity and to raise the standard of living for all its citizens. Singapore has been able to do this for more than two decades. However, for the past two years, the economic climate of Singapore has been affected by both internal and external factors which have resulted in the present economic recession. This recession has affected all of us, be it the workers, industrialists, civil servants or the entrepreneurs. The basic thrust of the Government's response to the internal and external difficulties which Singapore is facing has been elaborated by the First Deputy Prime Minister. The fundamental objective of this year's Budget is to lower labour costs and strengthen the competitiveness of our products in the international market in order to turn our economy around and, in the long run, create more job opportunity for our citizens. The announcement of bold measures to be implemented by the Government has been well received and has been acclaimed as a move in the right direction. Trade unions have demonstrated clearly their resolve to work together with the employers and Government to overcome the current recession. May I say, Sir, given the above outline, the Budget is not only pragmatic but it encompasses all facets that have to be considered. Sir, I would like to comment on three topics: (a) manpower training or manpower development; (b) trimming of manpower in the public sector; and (c) consumption tax. (a) Manpower training. The Government has taken concrete measures to put the economy back on its feet. Notwithstanding this, we must look beyond these measures and prepare our workers, especially those in the lower income group, to meet the expected revival of the economy. The trade unions support the emphasis on the training of our workers. Emphasis must also be given to the re-training of retrenched workers so that they can be employed in the productive sectors of the economy. This is by far a more practical way of helping the retrenched workers than by giving them hand-outs. As the saying goes, ""Give a man a fish, he lives for a day. Teach him how to fish, he lives for a life time."" On the part of the unions, Sir, we have initiated the Basic Education for Skills Training (BEST) programme to train workers who do not possess primary school qualification. There are 7,120 BEST students studying at 74 Centres for the January 1986 intake. Arrangements have also been made with VITB for retrenched unionized workers to attend Modular Skills Training (MOST) Scheme. I would like to appeal to employers to do likewise and to adopt a positive attitude towards training of their workers. Mr Speaker, Sir, from the surveys conducted by the National Productivity Board, companies reported having training expenditure below 0.2% of their total sales. Likewise, a survey done by the Ministry of Labour found that training cost forms only 0.8% of the total labour cost. It is important that more companies develop in-house training programmes to raise the specific skills of their employees. It is equally important that firms avoid the temptation of reducing training expenditure as a cost-saving measure during the current recession. To a large extent, the current economic downturn is a good opportunity for firms to raise the skills level of their employees through training so as to prepare their workers for the economic upturn. Now I touch on the trimming of manpower in the public sector. Mr Speaker, Sir, while I am on the subject of manpower training, I would like to briefly touch on the decision of the Finance Ministry to reduce the present establishment of the public sector by 10% and which has been amply publicized in the media. I share the view expressed earlier by the hon. Member for Kebun Baru on this matter. It is generally agreed that the recession and fall in the revenue makes it more pressing for the Government to contain increases in the Establishment levels and manpower costs. As such, the Government has decided that the present staff complement of Ministries and statutory boards should be reduced by 10% from the current level over the next five years and that a comprehensive programme of manpower scrutinies will also be instituted in the public sector. However, Mr Speaker, Sir, the Minister for Finance has assured us that the 10% staff reduction can be achieved through normal attrition and more selective recruitment without the need for retrenchment. We have also been assured that every attempt will be made to retrain and redeploy redundant staff to other areas. Nevertheless, Mr Speaker, Sir, may I appeal to the Ministries concerned that in implementing this scheme, care and attention should be given and that the process will be carried out in the proper perspective and proper approach should be taken for effective implementation without causing anxiety and disparity. Next, the consumption tax. In the Budget Statement, the Minister for Finance indicated that consumption tax is being considered by the Government. I concede that the need for the consumption tax must be seen in the longer context of Singapore's economy in particular, as direct taxes are lowered to meet the competition, thus consumption tax is anticipated by the Government to be brought in to provide compensating source of revenue. Mr Speaker, Sir, the consumption tax, though it may be necessary in the long term as a source of revenue for the Government, due care and attention should be exercised in its implementation so as not to create adverse results. Timing is essential. Effort should be made to explain to the people so that they understand and appreciate the Government's long-term intention to implement such a new scheme. However, in the light of the present recession, the workers have undertaken measures for wage restraint; reduction in CPF's saving and related benefit, notably the half month incentive payment, by the public servants. Given the present economic conditions, the Government must not impose additional strains to our workforce, especially the lower income group who are already finding difficulties adjusting their financial needs. The Government in implementing the consumption tax should take these factors into consideration. Mr Speaker, Sir, I urge the Ministry to give careful consideration to this matter and its selection for consumption tax to be applied. Let us not forget the sacrifices which our workforce has made in this present economic situation. Let us not burden them any further. A case in point is that, of late, the public servants have been notified on the reduction in the renovation loan; the contraction on the years for repayment, and the increase in the interest of loan. This step has brought sharp reaction from the public servants, especially those in the lower income group as they are the ones who need to use such facilities, due to their economic status. I would urge the hon. Minister for Finance to review the implication on the implementation of the renovation loan and, if possible, assist the affected civil servants. In conclusion, Sir, I would like to thank the Minister for Finance for presenting a pragmatic Budget for the benefit of all, the people and the nation. The Government has laid out its plan and strategy to fight the recession and restore the economic growth. Now it is up to all Singaporeans to take the challenge. I beg to support the motion."
"2","asked Minister for the Environment (a) how many licensed hawkers there were on 31st December 1985; (b) how many hawker licences will be issued in 1986; (c) what are the criteria for approving applications for such licences; and (d) what types of stalls are available to new licencees."
"3","Sir, would the Senior Parliamentary Secretary consider offering some of the vacant stalls to the older retrenched workers?"
"4","asked Minister for Home Affairs whether his Ministry will set up a Neighbourhood Police Post earlier than scheduled at Ayer Rajah Estate (Dover Road)."
"5","To ask the Minister for National Development what are the plans for developing the vacant land at (i) Alexandra Terrace and Alexandra Lane, and (ii) the former Perak House, next to the Pasir Panjang Community Centre."
"6","asked Minister for National Development when the Ayer Rajah Expressway will be completed and what steps are being taken to build overhead bridges, especially at the junction of North Buona Vista Road and Lower Kent Ridge Road, near the National University of Singapore."
"7","asked Acting Minister for Trade and Industry if the Singapore Tourist Promotion Board has details of a plan to preserve and maintain Haw Par Villa which attracts both tourists and Singaporeans."
"8","Mr Speaker, Sir, thank you for allowing me to speak now. This year, for the first time, the allocation of expenditure for Defence Ministry has been reduced by about 7% from that of last year. I would like to get the assurance from the Minister that this reduction does not in any way affect the essential needs to maintain the combat readiness and operational requirements of our Armed Forces. Mr Speaker, Sir, I share the view expressed by the Member for Thomson regarding upgrading of reservists. I observe that a number of our SAF reservists who are holding non-combatant reservist vocations are, in fact, holding senior and management positions which demand greater responsibility from them than their reservist vocation. I would like to ask the Minister what steps are taken to upgrade the vocational competency of our reservists on par with their civilian appointments. Mr Speaker, Sir, I would like the Hon. Minister to enlighten the House on the prevailing problems on deferment, and what steps are taken to motivate those reservists who have poor attitudes and who regard their in-camp training as a unnecessary hindrance and interruption to their civilian life. Sir, most of our youth must know that their duty to the nation does not end on their RODs, that is, after completing their national service full-time training. It is therefore vitally important that all our reservists have positive attitudes, self-motivation to take their military roles seriously, especially that which concerns national defence. They must be totally committed to their military in-camp training and perform well so that they can be a credible force to be reckoned with. Here, Sir, I must urge the Defence Ministry to take steps to cultivate and inculcate the right ideals and moral values in our reservists so that when the big test comes, our young front-line troops will not be found wanting in ideals, motivation, courage, skills and fitness, and to give a good account of themselves."
"9","Mr Speaker, Sir, I will try to be short and sweet. I would like, first, to compliment the PWD for its efforts to widen three major roads in Pasir Panjang Constituency, namely, Ayer Rajah Road, Pasir Panjang Road and Commonwealth Avenue West in order to improve the flow of vehicular traffic between the city and Jurong. I would like to appeal to the Minister to request the PWD to consider providing sufficient traffic lights or overhead bridges at strategic points for pedestrians to cross these busy roads, especially along Commonwealth Avenue West near the Ayer Rajah Estate in Dover Road. I would also like to know when these two main projects will be completed. My next point is on resettlement problems. Sometime last year, the Hon. Minister announced that all slum areas would be cleared by the end of 1988. There are still pockets of villages scattered along Pasir Panjang Road. As most of these villages are on private land, what steps is the Government taking to clear the slum areas? I would be grateful if the Hon. Minister could clarify these two points."
"10","Mr Speaker, Sir, I would like to talk on several topics under this Ministry. They are Islamic Religious Knowledge (IRK), ML1 classes in secondary schools, extra-curricular activities (ECA), Institute of Education (IE) and VITB. I will try to be brief. The teaching of IRK has been well received by most of the Muslim parents. However, what most parents want to know is whether there are sufficient, qualified and competent teachers to teach this important subject. Are there sufficient reference or textbooks available for the students? Would the Ministry consider introducing this subject to the lower secondary level instead of at Secondary 3 and Secondary 4 only? Mr Speaker, Sir, the Ministry has introduced ML1 this year. I would like to know the details of the response, the number of students offering this subject, and whether there are administrative problems encountered as the class is centralized at one location. Next is on extra-curricular activities. I would like to enquire on the progress of the Physical Education College. I understand that the first batch of trainees will be graduating. Where will they be deployed? I understand that most probably all of them will be posted to secondary schools. Last year, I made my observation on the need for qualified PE teachers in the primary schools where there are many lady teachers and some of them have difficulties in teaching PE lessons to our young boys. I would like to know what steps are being taken to improve the teaching of PE in these primary schools. Are there sufficient facilities, such as fields, available for our children to learn and acquire the basic skills in the various games and sports right from an early age? Mr Speaker, Sir, with the various changes taking place to upgrade our education system in order to meet the challenges ahead, I would like to know what in-service courses are conducted in the Institute of Education to ensure that our teachers are suitably equipped and prepared to meet the changing needs in our education system. Finally, Sir, on the VITB. Several Members have spoken on the need to educate and train our workforce. The advent of new technology in our industries brings with it the need for training and retraining of our workforce, especially the young ones. What efforts are being made to ensure that continuing education facilities are readily available for our workforce to continue to upgrade themselves? Is there a coordinating body to look into the types of courses that are being conducted in VITB?"
"11","Sir, I share the view expressed by the Member for Boon Teck on hygiene at hawker centres. Sir, there are more and more people patronizing the various food centres scattered all over the island. What I want to know is what steps are taken by the Hawkers Department to ensure that the standard of hygiene is always high at these eating places. Are regular and surprise checks being made by the Hawkers Department officials? Are there plans to educate food handlers and others who are directly involved with the food preparation on proper food hygiene so as to further improve the food quality in these centres?"
"12","Mr Speaker, Sir, I wish to speak a bit on the Singapore Broadcasting Corporation (SBC). Firstly, I say kudos should be given to SBC for its round-the-clock coverage of the Hotel New World disaster. SBC's regular updating of events reflected its responsibile attitude in fulfilling its fundamental objective, that of serving the general public. We know of the achievements of SBC. However, there is still room for improvement. This is especially so in two major areas. One area is SBC's sports coverage and the other is the scheduling and quality of Malay TV programmes. I admit that the SBC's screening of certain sports programmes sometimes does not accurately coincide with the general public's interest. The SBC coverage of the 1985 SEA Games in Bangkok was less than satisfactory. The nightly reports were not of the day's events but those of the previous day's. Many Singaporeans had to switch to other channels to receive the latest results. Also, even though our national team reached the finals of the soccer event, there was no live telecast. Again, viewers had to switch to other channels. I would like to urge SBC to review the need to give more coverage on popular sports activities that involve national teams' participation in important regional or international games such as the Thomas Cup series, the Malaysia Cup Final or SEA Games events. Next, I would like to speak on the SBC Malay programmes. First, the 7.30 pm time slot for the Malay News is not appropriate as it clashes with the Maghrib, the prayer time for Muslims. I would suggest that the News be changed to 8.00 pm The second item concerns ""Sandiwara"" which is always popular as it reflects the day-to-day happenings in our society. It has social and educational value. Unfortunately, the ""Sandiwara"" programmes which used to be shown on Wednesday nights are now shown in the evenings and it is not regular any more. Working people miss the show and so too do the housewives who are busy preparing for dinner. Who then would see this programme? I would like SBC to consider rescheduling this programme to cater to the interest of all viewers, with particular reference to the programmes which have social and educational value. Another example is the highly popular children's show ""Mat Yoyo"" which has also been cancelled despite its high viewership. I am told this programme is not only popular in Singapore but also in our neighbouring country and I hear even in Brunei Darussalam. This programme has been replaced by ""Tok Selampit"". No doubt this is popular but it is shown at a very inappropriate time. Primary school children attending the afternoon sessions miss this educational programme. I would like to inform the House that this programme caters to the need of most of our young viewers and should be screened at an appropriate time for all viewers. I also note that this new programme, ""Tok Selampit"", is done outdoors. Thus, the colourful and variety of backdrops have been greatly missed by our young viewers. I would like to know why were these changes made. Mr Speaker, Sir, I accept changes if they are for the better and benefit the public. But the new changes which I have referred to do not obtain the objectives I referred. Sir, I admit that I do not follow SBC's programmes. But most of my constituents who do follow these programmes have voiced their unhappiness and started making startling comparisons. Therefore, it is my hope that the Minister would ask SBC to review the situation. Perhaps the hon. Member for Eunos, who is a new member of the SBC Board, could study and recommend measures to improve the Malay programmes."
"13","Mr Speaker, Sir, though the National University Hospital has been in operation for quite some time, there are still some members of the public, especially those from the neighbouring housing estates, who are not fully aware of the facilities and services available at NUH. Some even think that it is just a teaching University. Could the Ministry or NUH authority consider providing information to the residents in the neighbouring constituencies on the following: (a) Are there A&E services? (b) How many and what classes of hospital beds are available? (c) Are the charges similar to that of other Government hospitals? Perhaps it would be a good idea if grassroots leaders be invited to NUH to have first-hand information about this hospital. Finally, Sir, I would like to know from the Minister whether there are plans to further develop NUH as one of the best in the region, perhaps as a place for research and development in the medical field."
"14","Mr Speaker, Sir, the importance of safety committee needs no further emphasis. When the Safety Committee Regulations were introduced in 1975, the intention then obviously was, and of course still is, to see a self-regulating enforcement system. It goes without saying that if a company has an effective safety committee in which both employers and the employees' representatives are knowledgeable, a high standard of safety could be achieved. Loss of time could be down, accident rate would be down and definitely compensation would also be down. I would like to know, Sir, what steps are taken by the Ministry to ensure that the companies which are required under the Factories Act to form safety committees do, in fact, comply with the regulations. I suspect, Sir, that there are still many companies which form safety committees just to comply with the basic law. Does the Ministry have sufficient staff or inspectors to carry out enforcement of the Act? Sir, it is comforting to know that with effect from 1st September 1985, three more industrial diseases have been made notifiable in addition to the 22 diseases listed in the Second Schedule of the Work- 6 men's Compensation Act. I must commend the Ministry for its efforts to review from time to time the list of occupational diseases. What is more important after identifying the diseases, is how to educate the workforce from contacting such diseases. I would urge the Ministry to continue to organize more courses, just like the unions, or organize health exhibitions on preventive measures, including the use of safety equipment. What is intended to achieve is to increase the degree of awareness. This is one of the surest ways to working smarter. Awareness will not solve all the health problems but it certainly helps to tackle the problem at source. Mr Speaker, Sir, I would like the Ministry to ensure that the National Productivity Board conduct more courses for supervisors, junior managers on human relations so that their middle-management staff could understand and communicate effectively with their subordinates at their work places. These supervisors play a key link role in motivating the workers to work smarter and to be more productive in line with the national effort to upgrade the performance of our workers. I need the assurance from the Minister, Sir."
"15","Sir, I wish to touch on two matters. Firstly, matters concerning sports and, secondly, matters relating to the Muslim Religious Council of Singapore. First, I would like to declare my interest because I am a member of the Singapore Sports Council. Sir, last year I raised the question of the Government's loan of about $16 million for the building of the National Stadium at Kallang. I appealed for the loan to be treated as a grant by the Government on the same ground as that of the Sentosa Development Corporation. I do not intend to repeat the reasons for the appeal. I would only like the Minister for Community Development to pursue this matter again with the Minister for Finance so that the Singapore Sports Council can organize its sports activities more vigorously. The second matter is the floodlighting of the various athletic centres. I wish to appeal to the Minister to look into the possibility of providing floodlight facilities at some of the athletic centres in the bigger housing estates. With floodlights, more sports and games and competitions could be organized by the national sports organizations to attract more young people to participate in meaningful recreational activities. Another matter I would like to talk about concerns indoor stadium. Much talk and discussion has been generated and many sports officials and enthusiasts are looking forward to the realization of this long-awaited multi-purpose indoor stadium. I would like the Minister to let us have more details on the progress and development made so far for the construction of the proposed indoor stadium. 7 Finally, the plight of sportsmen. We all know that our sportsmen are ordinary citizens and not professionals. They have made sacrifices to turn up for training. Finding time to train is not a problem. Getting leave for overseas competition is a tougher nut to crack. There are many examples I can cite and such news have been carried by local newspapers. A badminton player is going to Jakarta to represent Singapore in the finals of the Thomas Cup. He has exhausted his leave. Therefore he will have to take future leave due to him. This means that the player concerned will have to work without vacation for a long time. Another example concerns a boxer. He gave up his job so that he could train and participate in the last SEA Games recently. He was fortunate. He ended up with a gold medal. Likewise, the table-tennis player who sacrificed her time to represent the State, time which should be used to prepare for her 'A' level examinations. The good news is that she brought home gold medals for Singapore. In other words, our sports personalities are prepared to go to great lengths to win glory for our country. If only our employers would match such a sacrifice in the national interest, this would be ideal. Sir, I also know that there are some employers who have been cooperative in giving time-off for training and granting leave to these sportsmen so that they can represent the nation. We are indeed grateful to such employers. What I hope is that the Ministry concerned should convey to the employers of these sportsmen to be more tolerant and to support our sportsmen so that they could represent the nation without worrying too much about their commitment and leave problems. They need the mental stability for this purpose. If we want more of our sportsmen to achieve glory, there must be all-round cooperation from all concerned. Sir, I now move on to problems in connection with the Muslim Religious Council or MUIS. I would like to hear an explanation from the Minister on three matters. Firstly, the redevelopment of wakaf lands, secondly, improvement and renovation work of the Habib Noh Shrine 8 and Haji Salleh Mosque and, thirdly, upgrading of MUIS administration. Concerning the redevelopment of wakaf land, I seek clarification regarding the type of existing wakaf and wakaf lands, and who are responsible for the redevelopment of these wakaf lands. What measures have been taken by MUIS to discuss with the Ministry of National Development and the trustees of these wakaf lands concerning the redevelopment of the wakaf lands in line with the development and redevelopment of urban areas or the districts concerned? My second question is on improvement and renovation of Habib Noh Shrine and Haji Salleh Mosque at Palmer Road. In the Budget debate last year, I raised a query concerning work on the improvement and renovation of Habib Noh Shrine and Haji Salleh Mosque at Palmer Road. As we have ourselves witnessed, both these historical buildings are in an advanced stage of dilapidation. The reply that I received was to the effect that Government had already approved expenditure to carry out the works. However, to date the condition of the two buildings remains unchanged. One year has elapsed and the condition of the buildings has deteriorated further. In fact, the Mosque tower where the moon crescent symbol is located is tilting and dangling. Mr Speaker, Sir, it must be remembered that besides being a place of worship, the Mosque and Habib Noh Shrine often become places of interest for Muslim tourists from neighbouring countries and from other countries also. In order to preserve the nation's image and also that of the Muslims in Singapore, I wish to make an appeal again to the Government not to delay any further work on improvement and renovation of the Habib Noh Shrine and Haji Salleh Mosque. Hopefully, there will be no need for me to raise this matter again next year. What are the steps that have been taken to expedite the renovation work? I hope to have clarification on the subject. Finally, upgrading of MUIS administration. Since the establishment of MUIS in 1968, the duties and responsibilities of MUIS have increased and expanded. I 9 wish to know whether the present staffing position is adequate and what measures are being taken to further upgrade the quality and efficiency of MUIS staff. I think MUIS should not concentrate on routine administrative work. On the other hand, MUIS should plan and study important issues and how the issues are resolved and convey them to the Muslim community accurately and without any doubts whatsoever. A good example concerns the activities of the Fatwa Committee which should continue to activate itself and issue Fatwa or rulings for guidance as quickly as possible. It is noteworthy if MUIS could compile the rulings issued so far for the guidance of the local Muslim community. I think there is no need for MUIS to wait until the question is posed to them and then reply. One of MUIS's tasks is to collect and administer funds of the Muslim community for the construction of mosques in housing estates. The question I want to pose is: how does the Mosque Building Fund stand now in the light of the present economic recession? Will it affect MUIS's plan to continue to build new mosques in the second phase? Finally, Mr Speaker, Sir, I would like to know about the MUIS's office. I consider the present office at the Empress Place is no longer suitable. Has MUIS got any plans to acquire a new office which is more comfortable and modern,consonant with other developments in our Republic? 4.35 pm."
"16","Sir, could the Hon. Minister reconsider the appeals made by those residents who have committed themselves to purchasing private housing and who have been given indications by the HDB earlier that they could sell back their flats to HDB? I believe the number is not that big."
"17","Mr Speaker, Sir, I would like to join in asking clarifications from the Minister. I have two points. First, perhaps the Minister would like to let this House know as to the number of CPF contributors who have less than $30,000 in savings. The annuity scheme proposed is yet another safeguard to ensure that the retirees would not end up destitute. If properly pro-rated, the Scheme would provide the retirees with sufficient means for the rest of their lives. There is a need to explain, especially to the lower income group or to the less educated retirees, how this Scheme works and how they could benefit from such a Scheme. Would the Minister enlighten whether an advisory committee will be formed to explain the Scheme and how to reach this group of people, so that they will really understand and participate actively in such a scheme should it be implemented?"
"18","Sir, since the implementation of this policy, how many of the unsold units, or any unit bought by HDB prior to the announcement, have been sold by the Board? If these numbers are small, what steps are being taken by the Board to encourage the purchase of these units? Is the Board considering seriously, in addition to the suggestions made by the Member for Telok Blangah, to improve the existing facilities - I am talking in terms of the Pine Grove HUDC Estate - so as to attract new buyers of these flats?"
"19","Mr Speaker, Sir, when this Bill is eventually passed many patients with kidney ailments will be relieved because their hope of obtaining medical treatment can be better realized. Whatever good steps are taken to save lives should receive proper support. Naturally this transplant of organs will be carried out in the best way possible as expounded by the Minister of State earlier. I consider that further and on-going information should be given so that all segments of the society will understand the issues that are involved so that they will really understand the purpose and the method of implementation. I am relieved to hear the assurance of the Minister of State that all views with respect to culture, belief and religion have been considered even before this Bill was proposed, particularly the views of Muslims. I understand that he had discussions on the subject of organ transplant with the Singapore Muslim Religious Council (MUIS). The religious ruling committee or Jawatankuasa Fatwa has ruled that Muslims can donate their organs for emergency reasons and in accordance with terms that have been spelt out by the Member for Tanah Merah. I also understand that several Muslim countries in the Middle East have carried out organ transplants in order to save lives. But we must appreciate that the Muslim community in Singapore is not that confident about the Fatwa or religious rulings that I said earlier. What I hope is that the Ministry of Health, with the cooperation of the Singapore Muslim Religious Council, would be able to draw up special plans to explain to all segments of Muslim society so that any doubt could be erased and thus enable the Muslim community in Singapore to make their contributions without any religious qualms. I feel that the Singapore Muslim Religious Council can help to effectively disseminate information to the Muslim community in various ways, for example, through Friday sermons, religious lectures organized by JHD or the Muslim Missionary Committee and also at mosques, forums, over radio and TV, and also not forgetting the press. Mr Speaker, I am happy that this Bill will be further examined by the Select Committee. I hope organizations as well as individuals will come forward to give their views so that this Bill can be further streamlined as the object of this Bill is to save the lives of patients who have hitherto suffered due to a dearth of donors. Touching on this Bill, on page 3, it is stated that this Bill exempts those who are under 21 years of age unless they have the consent of their parents or guardians. I seek elucidation from the Minister concerned as to what is the method or what explanation should be directed to this group of people, that is, those Muslims who are under 21 years of age, when this law is in force and after the six months that follow, when they will exceed the age of 21. I hope I will get an explanation on this matter so that no difficulties will arise. Thank you."
