"","speech"
"1","Mr Deputy Speaker, Sir, the Government has introduced the GRC concept to ensure multi-racialism in politics in Singapore. We all know that the Government and the PAP have always been aware of the importance of this and several measures have been launched and policies enunciated to ensure that multi-racial politics exist in Singapore and that harmonious inter-racial relationship will always remain. Yesterday, the First Deputy Prime Minister explained in detail the Government's intention to ensure that Parliament will always have multi-racial representation. Whoever has any doubts about his explanation should read and examine in depth the real objectives that he has expounded. I think this is a good proposal and should be supported by all parties in the interest of our society, our nation, not only for the present but also for the future. Many arguments have been put forward yesterday and today and I do not wish to repeat them and bore Members by doing so. But I would like to seek clarification on, firstly, how the constituencies would be selected. Would the Government base its choice on existing constituencies where the Members of Parliament are from the minorities or take into consideration the distribution of residents after a resettlement, for instance, in the northern districts like Ang Mo Kio, Yishun and also districts in the West like Jurong, Jurong East, Jurong West and so on? This is necessary because some have raised questions and think that there will only be 13 GRCs in the existing constituencies with minority MPs. I think clarification is necessary so that all involved, particularly the voters, will understand and will be able to consider it and provide the necessary feedback to the relevant people before the implementation. I wish to call upon, in particular, the Malay community to support this proposal. So far we have been able to work together with all communities, with all sectors of the community. This proposal is to guarantee Malay representation, the objective being to ensure that the interests of minority communities will be duly looked after by the Government. I think this proposal is one that is rarely implemented in other countries; and when the majority community, besides looking after national interests, consider the interests of the other communities as well. We have seen evidence of the advantages, of the sincerity of the Government in providing facilities for the benefit of our community, whether in terms of education, collection through CPF of contributions for the construction of mosques or other matters which involve the interests of our community in Singapore. Therefore, I wish once again to assure those who have lingering doubts about GRC but who still want multi- racialism. How should we effect it, if the GRC is unsatisfactory? What are the other, better alternatives? To me, in the absence of credible alternatives, I think this is the best and we should support it."
"2","Mr Deputy Speaker, Sir, allow me to present my views and opinions on the Agenda for Action presented by the Hon. First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Defence, Mr Goh Chok Tong, as a Green Paper - Agenda for Action, Goals and Challenges. It contains specific goals to be achieved by our nation and the challenges to be faced in the coming decades. For three decades under the PAP Government, Singaporeans have enjoyed a standard of living which we can all be proud of. In fact, our achievements have greatly impressed many other countries. We should remember that all our achievements are the result of the positive attitude of both sides, ie, the Government and the people. Ever since gaining power, the Government has from the very beginning given priority to national and social development. Working in accordance with the principles of democracy, the Government has overcome challenge after challenge through comprehensive planning. Under the guidance of this astute leadership, and with perseverance and dedication, we have attained the heights of success which were at first viewed sceptically by others, both outside and in the country. Singaporeans have so far shown a rational attitude in facing important and sensitive issues affecting their lives. It was this positive attitude and this determination that enabled us to build a strong and stable nation. As such, let us all maintain this positive attitude, prepare ourselves, take the necessary steps, movein the same direction, towards further improving the nation's economic performance as well as upgrading the economy of all our people in order to guarantee a brigther future, not only for ourselves but also for our children and our future generation. The Green Paper, the Agenda for Action, Goals and Challenges has outlined the basis for our future, The way of life we want in the 1990's. All of us surely want a nation and society of excellence by the year 1999. Thus, I would like to call on all Singaporeans from all walks of life to work together and offer full support for all the proposals presented in the Green Paper. Thesedocuments, which may appear ordinary on the surface, are actually a very important working paper because the successful implementation of these proposals will determine our way of life and standard of living in the future. With total dedication, with careful planning, and with specific programmes, I am confident our younger leaders will be able to implement successfully everything that has been outlined in the Green Paper. Mr Deputy Speaker, we have successfully created a harmonious society. We must continue our efforts to nurture tolerance in our multi-racial society in Singapore. We must live (Malay proverb) like the bamboo clump and the river bank, i.e. in an atmosphere of mutual help. In this way we can continue moving forward and enjoying the fruits of our common efforts. Now I would like to touch on education and manpower. Earlier it was stated by the Member for Potong Pasir that 500 or 600 thousand of our workers did not possess a PSLE. Actually these are remnants of those under the colonial government. These are old workers who had been sacrificed by history because opportunities for them to enjoy education like what our children are now enjoying did not exist then. These people are those above 40 years of age and it is not the fault of the PAP Government that they are not educated. In education age should not be an obstacle. As long as we have the will, we should continue to further one's education. We need to continue with our efforts for a better life, while not neglecting our respective responsibilities to our families, communities, cultures, languages and religions. With regard to employment, workers should be willing to upgrade their skills. We do realize that among the older workers, it is difficult to obtain another job once they are retrenched due to economic recession or technological developments. They must have the will, the positive attitude, the desire to undergo retraining or further training provided either at their places of work or by the VITB. I would like to urge the Government to give more attention to the future of older workers whose means of income have been affected by economic recession or technological developments, which are taking place at a rather rapid pace in our country. Mr Deputy Speaker, page 7 of the Green Paper touches on Social and Cultural Development. I fully support the idea to build a nation that is not only excellent but also where the people are Vibrant, full of enthusiasm, happy and creative. There is no doubt that culture is a factor which can help us to establish a better and more gracious society. I would like to add that there is another aspect that require earnest, organised efforts and wide-ranging measures. I am referring to sports and recreation. The goal is to have more of our people, especialy the youths participating in this healthy activity. Sports is a means to not only physical fitness and but also towards closer ties among all levels in our multi-racial society. Indeed, it can promote closer ties among neighbouring countries in the region. If in the past we have achieved excellence through our sporting greats, such as Wong Peng Soon, Neo Chwee Kok, Tan Howe Liang, C. Kunalan, Awang Bakar, Dollah Kassim, Quah Kim Song, Peter Hill, Zainal Abidin, Patricia Chan, Junie Sng, Ang Peng Siong and many others, why can't we in the coming years produce such famous champions to be the idols for our youths to emulate. Thank you."
"3","asked Minister for National Development what is the progress on the development of Ayer Rajah Expressway, particularly the portion between the junction of Alexandra Road/Ayer Rajah Road and the junction of Clementi Road/Ayer Rajah Road; whether sufficient overhead bridges are built along the portion; and whether bus-stops are located near the Housing and Development Board Ayer Rajah Estate."
"4","asked Minister for Education (a) if he will indicate (i) the enrolment patterns of Pasir Panjang Secondary School and Labrador Primary School and (ii) the breakdowns of ethnic groups attending these schools for the years 1984, 1985, 1986 and 1987; and (b) whether there are plans to renovate and improve the facilities in these two schools."
"5","asked Minister for National Development what is the progress of Kent Ridge Park; what facilities will be available; and when this Park will be open to the public."
"6","asked Minister for Home Affairs whether he will expedite setting up a Neighbourhood Police Post along Pasir Panjang Road."
"7","asked Minister for National Development whether his Ministry has plans to upgrade the recreational facilities at Pasir Panjang Park, Labrador Park and West Coast Park."
"8","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head L be reduced by $10 in respect of Code LF 3000 of the Main Estimates. Sir, physical education is an essential and integral part of the all-round education of a child. Besides physical and skills development, activities such as team games are conducive to character moulding and the inculcation of desirable personal and social attitudes. They provide good opportunities for peer group interaction among students within the school and with those from other schools. Games and sports can also help to develop inter-racial harmony right from the young students. I am glad that the Ministry of Education is aware of this important aspect of education and has established the College of Physical Education in 1984 aiming at providing qualified physical education teachers to implement the schools' physical education programme more effectively. If you want to have excellence in sports in the year 1990, a start has got to be made from the schools and we must have qualified physical education teachers to start the programme. I would like to know the progress of this College of Physical Education. How long will it take for the Ministry of Education to provide all schools in Singapore, especially the secondary schools, with the required qualified physical education teachers? In the meantime, are there sufficient in-service courses being organized to ensure that an adequate number of teachers are able to take physical education in the schools? Next, of the number of PE teachers graduated so far, how many have signed on to remain in the education service? Some of them, I understand, are now working in private health clubs where there are better incentives available for them. What steps has the Ministry taken to prevent trainees of the College of Physical Education from opting out of the teaching service after graduation, thus wasting 1 public funds which are used to sponsor their studies in the PE College? The last question is: are PE teachers who are sent to schools and junior colleges fully utilized to teach wholly physical education, the subject area which they are specifically trained for? Or are they also being asked to teach other subjects as well?"
"9","Sir, I beg to withdraw my amendment."
"10","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head L be reduced by $10 in respect of Code LL 3000 of the Main Estimates. Sir, we are all aware that VITB plays an important role in providing relevant skills in vocational and technical training to our workers. In view of the changing needs and demands of new technology, I would like to know what new courses are available to our workers, besides the already existing courses such as BEST (Basic Education for Skills Training) and MOST (Modular Skills Training). Are there special courses available for those workers who have a low educational level?"
"11","Sir, I am more than satisfied with the Minister's elaborate reply and I would like to withdraw my amendment."
"12","asked Minister for National Development whether he will look into the possibility of improving the traffic congestion along Dover Road and Holland Grove Road during school peak hours."
"13","Sir, I know that several improvements and changes have been made to the training programme and the training syllabus for training of full-time Construction Brigade national servicemen. I would like to know from the Minister whether further progress has been made to ensure that the discipline, work attitude and the skills training of these young trainees are being enhanced. What is the general attitude and response of the contractors, sub-contractors and supervisors who handle these young national servicemen at the worksite? I believe, Sir, the contractors, sub-contractors and supervisors can do a lot more to motivate our young national servicemen in their work attitude. Finally, Sir, can we have more publicity to inform the parents and the general public of the good work done by these trainees and their contributions as part of the Civil Defence Force and also a component of the Total Defence Force?"
"14","Sir, are the existing enforcement actions adequate to 6 cope with the drug problem that we have in Singapore? In view of the recent development in the tactics and techniques used by drug takers and ant traffickers to bring in supplies from outside Singapore, could additional measures be introduced to tighten further the control and restrict the movement of our youths to go in and out of the causeway. I feel that the fight against drug taking and drug trafficking must be intensified. Sir, I agree with the comment made by my colleague, the Member for Tanah Merah, that there is a general feeling that the drug addicts have too good a life in the DRCs. For example, they have better and regular meals than they used to have at home. My question is, whether the rehabilitation programme and the activities carried out in the DRCs could be made tough enough to deter or discourage the drug addicts to be in the DRCs for a second time."
"15","asked Minister for Labour how many serious accidents occurred in the shipbuilding and construction industries during the last five years up to 1987, and what measures his Ministry is taking to further reduce the rate of accidents in these two industries."
"16","asked Minister for National Development whether the resettlement programme for Alexandra Road, Lorong Sarhad and Alexandra Terrace will be completed by the end of 1988 and what plans there are for the redevelopment of these areas."
"17","Sir, I would like to get assistance from the Ministry to expedite the resettlement of some squatters in Alexandra Terrace, as I understand this area is now flooded with quite a number of non-Singaporeans who cause problems to our local residents."
"18","Sir, perhaps the Ministry could assist in informing the owners to expedite the resettlement problem."
"19","asked Minister for Communications and Information what is the detailed plan for the bus interchange to be built at Buona Vista Mass Rapid Transit station."
"20","Sir, in the meantime, could the Ministry assist in providing sufficient bus feeder services to the MRT 6 station from the Polytechnic, University as well as the HDB Ayer Rajah Estate?"
"21","Sir, I would like to know about the progress made in the construction of new mosques under Phase II. The question is: How many more modern mosques are being and will be constructed and when are they expected to be completed? What are the problems, if any, which might be impeding the smooth completion of the Phase II mosques? The second issue I wish to get clarification on concerns the steps taken by the MUIS to coordinate the various missionary activities organized by the various local Muslim organizations like the JHDs, Jamiyah, block representative committees and other private organizations so that these missionary activities could be better organized. This will enable the Muslim community in Singapore to benefit and to give their wholehearted support towards such activities. From the feedback that I have received, there are many similar activities conducted one after the other for several days at a time, drawing the attention of the local Muslim residents in each locality. It is better if these activities could be properly planned, organized, and scheduled in such a manner as to make effective use of time and energy for all concerned, the organisers as well as the residents in the area. In addition, I would like to suggest that MUIS also coordinate other activities besides missionary activities to mobilize the whole Muslim population to combat anti-social activities, which appear to have strong influence on our youths in Singapore. One such activity is the effort against drug abuse. This is also in line with the suggestion by the President of Singapore, 6 Mr Wee Kim Wee, at a recent celebration of the Prophet's Birthday, that MUIS plays a more important role to seek the support of all Muslim organizations for a joint effort in the activity I mentioned. What are the steps made towards this effort? I would like clarification on this point."
"22","asked Minister for Community Development (a) whether figures are available on the number of the unemployed disabed in our society; (b) how the Government and non-governmental organizations can assist the disabled to find employment; and (c) whether there are schemes to provide skills training for them."
"23","Sir, I would like to touch on employment, retention and retraining of older workers. One of the experiences of the recent recession has been the plight of older workers. Many were retrenched and they found great difficulty in finding re-employment. Those who did find re-employment took drastic cuts in their wages. The re-employed workers in the age group of 40-55 suffered wage reductions of 36% to 43%. It was clear from the 1986 data that the unemployment rate of those without educational qualifications or low qualifications was higher than those who had skills. It is clear therefore that our economy is 4 changing, requiring more and more skilled workers and less and less of unskilled workers. We can expect this change to go on. This means that workers must constantly upgrade themselves. I wish to point out that the training needs of workers in different age groups would be different because of the different education base. I would like to ask the Clerk of Parliament to circulate a table I have prepared earlier. [Copies of table circulated to hon. Members.] From this table, we can see that a higher proportion of older workers are unskilled. Almost 63% of workers aged 50 and over either did not attend school or failed to obtain a PSLE grade. Even in the 40-49 age group, the proportion of the unskilled is high, about 38%. I am confident that younger workers, because of their better education base, can cope with skills upgrading courses. For the older workers, it is not easy for them to go back to the classroom and obtain a basic education. We may therefore have to find other means to help them. We should help them obtain skills that do not require a basic education. We are all aware that this group of older workers have heavy responsibilities in supporting their families and educating their children. I know that Government has helped those who are older by various means. For example, hawker licences are not granted to those below the age of 40, and taxi driving licences not issued to those below 30 years. Perhaps we should also reserve other jobs for our older workers. Employers should be encouraged to employ older workers in unskilled jobs that we have in our market. I also urge the Minister not to allow unskilled foreign workers to compete with our own unskilled workers who are at the same time older workers. These older workers need more attention and care in our drive to strive for excellence. The level of their skills and competency should be upgraded and they should be motivated with a clear path of career advancement, if possible. I would like, therefore, to ask the Minister to urge more employers to play their fair share of responsibility in looking after the well-being of their older workers by organizing and upgrading vocational training classes. 5 Employers should support skills training for their workers on a more extensive scale. Steps should be taken to: (1) identify the potential of these employees; (2) match the potential and the demand of work; (3) train the employees to achieve their potential by having relevant in-house training, eg, on-the-job training, to sponsor suitable workers to attend part-time or full-time approved courses organized by other local institutions such as VITB; (4) introduce incentives to motivate the employees to improve themselves by introducing study grant, study loan, incremental incentives, unrecorded leave to attend such courses; (5) work a career development for successful trainees as incentive for others to follow their example; (6) the employers are to be adequately informed about the Skills Development Fund, subsidy and assistance to train these employees."
"24","To ask the Minister for National Development (a) whether the Housing and Development Board has finalised plans for the extension and development of Ayer Rajah Estate and, if so, whether the HDB will consider building 5-room or Executive flats there; and (b) if the housing programme has been finalised, whether he will give details of it, indicating also how the traffic flow in the Estate will be modified and linked with the nearby Buona Vista Mass Rapid Transit station."
"25","Sir, the various measures introduced by the Government, including the CPF cut, to overcome the recession in 1985 and 1986 were clearly understood by our workers. They have no objection to the new wage policy on wage restraint and wage reform. They have accepted wage standstill for two years now. The workers have 9 accepted all the measures knowing that they are temporary measures to increase the competitiveness and to improve the marketability of goods and services. All the sacrifices, the concerted efforts and other concrete measures taken by the Government have revived our economy. Now, the question which is always in the minds of our workers is: when will the CPF rate be restored and by what percentage? Even though the Minister has given the assurance that the CPF rate will be reviewed after the first quarter of 1988, the workers feel that the objectives of wage restraint and CPF cut for two years have been successfully achieved and therefore the temporary measures should not be taken longer than necessary. While measures such as wage restraint and wage reforms are long-term strategies, the Government should consider gradually increasing the CPF rate so as to assist our workers in having sufficient savings to service their HDB flats' monthly instalments and increase savings for old age requirements. This is indeed a test of trust and confidence. The workers cooperated with the Government for two years and made the necessary sacrifices. Now that the economy has recovered and the two-year period is over, the Government should therefore honour its part of the bargain. I am sure the workers will understand and continue to give further cooperation in the future should further sacrifices are needed to overcome impending national crisis. Finally, I would like also to ask the Minister whether a definite plan has been made on the implementation of the long-term CPF rates of contribution, especially on the various steps to be taken to gradually reduce the CPF contribution for older workers, ie, those in the 55-60 years age group and 60-65 years age group."
"26","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head R be reduced by $10 in respect of Code RH 1000 of the Main Estimates. Sir, I would like to touch on the need to review the safety and health provisions of the Factories Act. 2 Safety and health standards of workers in a country should be consonant with the state of its economic development. During the last two decades of our industrialization, we have managed to achieve a balance between the benefits of industrialization and the control of industrial hazards. This must continue. As the spectrum of health and safety hazards changes with the industry, the legislation needs to be reviewed and amended from time to time to keep up with the changes and meet new problems that may arise. Sir, the last revision of the Factories Act was made in 1973. During this revision, two important new provisions requiring certain classes of factories to employ safety officers and form safety committees were included in this new Act. The Factories Act is the main legislation that governs the safety and health standards of workers at the workplaces. Presently, the Act only covers those places that are classified as factories as per definition of the term ""factory"" as listed in the Act. I understand that the Act is therefore not enforceable in other workplaces that are not classified as factories even though there may be workers employed in these workplaces. In view of the various changes I mentioned just now and the advancement in technology bringing about new work operations and new working environment, I would like to ask the Minister what further steps the Ministry has taken to keep track of this new development and continue to review the Act to ensure its adequate coverage to maintain very high standards of safety and health of our workers."
"27","Sir, I am happy with the assurance given by the Minister. I would like to withdraw my amendment."
"28","Mr Speaker, Sir, the main purpose of the Employment (Amendment) Bill 1988 is to facilitate the implementation of a flexible wage system. It lays down the procedure for payment of the variable annual bonus and annual wage supplement to our workers. Clearly, the Bill provides us with a framework to be used by unions and employers in their wage negotiations. In recent years, as Singapore went through the recession, the pattern of our wage negotiations have undergone some changes following recommendations by NWC. These changes were to enable employers to make quick adjustments whenever a severe financial difficulty arises, in order that our workers' jobs are not affected. Thus, instead of large service increments tied directly to the basic salary, we now have a wage system of three components: service increments at a lower rate, a variable component based on profits or productivity, and the annual wage supplement, or AWS. The 1988 Employment (Amendment) Bill gives a clear picture of these changes. It would certainly facilitate negotiations between employers and employees on the implementation of a flexible wage system, as the Bill also eliminates several ambiguities that existed in the present Act. I am glad that in drafting this Bill, the Ministry of Labour observed this fundamental point. I believe both sides, employers and the trade unions, have been consulted beforehand and all their views have been duly considered. Tripartite involvement has become a characteristic of our system of good industrial relations. Consensus between the Government, employers and the unions has ensured our stability and progress. During the recession years, the unions had swiftly and courageously adjusted by accepting wage restraint. The time has now come for employers to adjust to our rather strong economic performance and tight labour market. We have just accepted wage reform as a means to more flexible wage system. Many employers have adjusted their companies' salary scales, but there are still others who have deliberately delayed such adjustments. It is hoped that the Ministry of Labour would urge these procrastinating employers to be more positive in their attitude; they must show confidence in the leadership of the unions by implementing fair and appropriate salary adjustments. Only with cooperation and mutual trust between unions and employers can the good relations between them be maintained and agreement achieved, quickly and amicably, in negotiations on the implementation of a flexible wage system. This Bill is a document that should be adhered to, in the best and most judicious manner possible, by both parties, employers as well as unions. I support the Bill."
