"","speech"
"1","Mr Speaker, Sir, Budget day has often been looked upon as ""a day of reckoning"" for the taxpayers and businessmen alike. With the exception of the motoring public whose fate will always be a foregone conclusion as long as Government is intent in its endeavour to curb the increase in car population through heavier taxation on related items, it has not been the case for the others in Singapore when the 1985 Budget was announced by the Hon. Minister. Sir, I agree with the hon. Member for Leng Kee that the Budget should be viewed in its entirety to realize its overall implications in relation to local conditions and the world economy which has always influenced our own. It was indeed a well-prepared Budget, designed to motivate the private sector to accept a revitalized economic programme in which businessmen and employers must themselves play decisive roles. This ""Businessman's Budget"", as it has been enthusiastically hailed in a local press, serves as an open challenge to the private sector to take a leading role and steer Singapore's economy into a new phase of economic excellence. The cost-cutting incentives offered by the Minister have been exacting ones. They are realistic and timely, though some of them have been considered, in some quarters, to be long overdue. Nevertheless, Sir, I am sure that the private sector will be able to accept with confidence and renewed vigour the Government's challenge to establish Singapore as an international centre for finance, tourism, sophisticated services and specialized products. With further Government encouragement and continued support, by way of a high-level economic committee to review the general economy, Big Business will be able to meet new challenges ahead and raise Singapore's economy to greater heights and achievements in the late 90s and beyond. The Hon. Minister's decision to provide encouragement to those who take time, effort and expense to upgrade themselves by way of tax deductions is, in principle, an appropriate move and in keeping with present trends found in a highly sophisticated market. In the face of economic restructuring to upgrade our industries to more highly sophisticated, brain-intensive industries, the quality of our workforce in terms of higher technology and modern methods of operations must be further enhanced. For mechanization, automation and computerization to work successfully, our workers must be competent enough to operate them and operate them effectively so that the desired results can be achieved. They must therefore be trained and retrained to meet new demands. However, Sir, in our keenness to promote the acquisition of higher skills among our skilled workforce, we must not lose sight of the plight of our unskilled and semi-skilled workers who are, by and large, at the lowest rung of our economic ladder. This group of workers, because of their low educational background, have often been side-tracked from this race to acquire new skills. Unless they are given the opportunity to advance to high level skills, they will not be able to contribute significantly and be more productivity. They will remain in lowly-paid, unskilled jobs, jobs which are bound to become obsolete with time. I do believe, Sir, that many of these workers can be upgraded if given the right motivation, encouragement and opportunity. Just now we heard the hon. Member for Yuhua explaining the good work done by the VITB, the NTUC and a few enlightened companies to train their workers by organizing BEST classes. Perhaps more such courses could be organized in future. Mr Speaker, Sir, the move to reduce the Skills Development Fund contribution and the suspension of the payroll tax is another move in the right direction that can reinforce the principle I have just outlined. However, it must not be seen by employers as only tax bonuses to boost their own profits without further regard for the basic principles that had prompted their introduction in the first place; ie, to impress upon employers and managers the need for skills training and manpower development for their own workers. Employers should now reciprocate the Government's gesture in these two areas by ploughing back the money ""saved"" to establish better relationship within their companies. They should initiate their own skill development programmes to upgrade the skills of their workers locally so as to enhance their company's productivity. There should be more welfare schemes for the workers so that better employer/ employee relationship can be established. Sir, lest we forget the 2% reduction in the Skills Development Fund contributions, though useful, will not however help the smaller companies very much. They require more assistance from Government if they are to survive during this trying period. Singapore, Sir, is a small country with a small market force. She needs supportive industries which are mainly operated by Singaporeans. The shift to higher technology which is good for Singapore will put a great strain on these supportive industries if special considerations are not given to them by way of lessening their financial constraints. For a start, Sir, it is my considered opinion that these smaller companies should be exempted temporarily from contributing to the Skills Development Fund. Mr Speaker, Sir, the decision taken by the Hon. Minister for Finance to pay the 13th month NPAA on a pro-rated basis to those who leave the service under circumstances beyond their control, before completing the year, was a commendable one, and I fully support the sentiments and rationale behind this decision. This has been a long standing issue and I am sure Members of this House, especially the Member for Geylang Serai, are pleased to see that it has finally been put in its correct perspective. Sir, allow me to comment on the tax increases. The same rationale has been used to justify increases in road tax, petrol and other related items. The Government has always been adamant that these measures would reduce the car population in Singapore. However, Sir, in actual fact, there has always been an increase in the car population. While the increase in such taxes did not produce the desired results, Government has profited by it through increased revenue. This has cast doubts among the motoring public as to whether the Government is serious in its intent to reduce the car population in Singapore. There is still much unhappiness among the motoring public because the measures taken and the policies governing the car industry are not really consistent. One example is that there is no restriction on the number of cars the public can buy as long as they can afford the price. This in no way subscribes to the Government's intention to curb the car population. Meanwhile, those who need their cars for want of better transportation, will have to tighten their belts and endure the burden until such time when they are completely overwhelmed by tax increases. The Government has already announced that the MRT system will resolve road congestion problems and provide better public transportation so that there will be no necessity to own a car. Until that day comes, Sir, I feel that the motoring public should not be further burdened with heavy taxes. The increase in taxi fares may, on the contrary, necessitate the lower income group car owners to continue to maintain their cars despite the heavy burden they are made to bear. Again, this would contradict Government's objective to reduce the car population. The increase in petrol price will not only affect the car owners but also the non car owners and non taxi users through indirect increases in food prices and other services. This chain reaction, Sir, will eventually hit the lower income group the hardest. Mr Speaker, Sir, I would urge the Government to look into other areas for a more definite system to reduce the car population and congestion on our roads. The public transport system must be further improved to encourage more people to use them. During peak hours, more Scheme B buses should be put on the roads to ease the peak hour traffic. Perhaps school children should be provided with a special bus service to cater for their own special needs. I agree with the suggestions by some hon. Members that a complete re-think on the PARF and ARF schemes be undertaken, with a view to limiting the purchase of new cars without giving one for scrap in exchange. Sir, I support the motion."
"2","asked First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Defence what his Ministry has done to improve the fitness of reservists."
"3","Sir, could the Minister of State clarify on the obese situation in the SAF, and what remedial actions are being taken to further improve the physical fitness of these affected personnel?"
"4","asked First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Defence what is the progress made by ACCORD, which was set up in 1984 to provide measures through which the public can be persuaded and educated to give support and recognition to National Servicemen."
"5","Mr Speaker, Sir, I have an amendment under Subhead KB-02 on the Central Welfare Fund and I would like to have your permission to elaborate more on this. For many years now, Sir, the SAF has maintained a fund which is to be used for the individual as well as the collective benefit of our servicemen. I am referring to the Central Welfare Fund. Over the years the Fund has grown into a very substantial amount. Mr Speaker, Sir, I would very much like to know the present state of affairs of the Fund, and how is this Fund generated today, and how are the servicemen benefitting from the Fund."
"6","Mr Speaker, Sir, since reservists have been mentioned, I have an amendment on this. May I have your permission to say a few words?"
"7","Mr Speaker, Sir, since 1967, we have been in the process of building a credible defence force for Singapore. In the initial stages, the task of building such a force was left in the hands of those who were prepared to take soldiering seriously when others would not, and make it their life career. They were a hardworking lot, dedicated and were prepared for any eventuality, and indeed they were, during the Confrontation. Sir, I am referring to the regulars in the SAF whose dedication and hard work laid the foundation on which the first National Service army was raised. These regulars dedicated whatever limited experiences, skills and military know-how they had to the task of building a credible National Service army. Some of these regulars and permanent staff are still around, though their brand of man-management, discipline and training methods are no longer considered conducive to the present-day SAF. Mr Speaker, Sir, today we talk about people-oriented management, high technology in modern weaponry and training techniques, computerized war games and productivity, to inculcate into our young National Service army the importance of being prepared militarily in the defence of our country. Today, we have a very sophisticated army, a well-equipped navy and a highly skilled air force. However, Mr Speaker, Sir, notwithstanding the tremendous progress and significant achievements of the SAF, I wish to place on record the important contributions made by the regulars and the permanent staff. They are still a contributory factor in the management and training of the SAF and must be given the opportunity to keep abreast with the latest developments in defence technology and war strategies, They must be given the opportunity to upgrade themselves so that they can better serve the SAF in their respective roles. Their man-management philosophies and techniques must be upgraded if they are to be compatible with their soldiers who come from diverse backgrounds with varied experiences and educational levels. I wish, therefore, to 8 draw attention to the need for constant upgrading and development of military skills for this group of men and women. I would be grateful, Sir, if I could be given an insight to the Defence Ministry's plans for the regulars in the direction that I have elaborated. What are the latest professional courses made available to them? How many of these regulars have since been given opportunities to upgrade themselves, and how many have succeeded? Now I turn to the reservists. We have a new breed of people in the SAF today whose dedication to the build-up of a defence capability for Singapore is second to none. Today, we have reservists as our mainstay in national defence. They are our front-line troops - a responsibility that they have just been made aware of and which they need to realize seriously, There are serious implications all round for them to consider and to be prepared for at all times. It is not only their military knowledge and skills that are at stake but what can happen to them, their families and, for that matter, the economy and survival of Singapore in times of emergency, For these reservists, Sir, are also the mainstay of our economic sector, contributing to the productivity and prosperity of Singapore. It is therefore vitally important that the attitude of our young reservists be motivated to take on their dual roles seriously, especially that which concerns national defence. They must be totally committed to their training and perform well so that they can be a credible force to be reckoned with. Sir, I would like to enquire on the steps taken by Mindef to cultivate and inculcate the right ideals and moral values in our young reservists so that when the big test comes, although we certainly hope not, our young front-line troops will not be found wanting in ideals, motivation, courage, skills and fitness to give a good account of themselves. Finally, Sir, I would like to touch a bit on sportsmen in the SAF. Mr Speaker, Sir, every year during national service intakes, a number of top sportsmen from the schools are among those enlisted. They have great potential to become Singapore's representatives in their respective sports at national or international levels. 9 A few years ago, the cream of these athletes and sportsmen were given special consideration under the Supernumerary Scheme to continue with their practice and training to develop into reputable sportsmen. After their basic military training, the Ministry of Defence and SAFSA became the first beneficiary of their prowess under this scheme. Later, of course, the various sports clubs and finally the national body benefited. Today, the Supernumerary Scheme is no longer in existence in the SAF. The potential young athletes and sportsmen do not get the same opportunities to develop and improve their sporting abilities. Sir, I must record my appreciation to Mindef and SAFSA for their cooperation all these years in helping the national sports associations, especially, of course, to the FAS, for the various competitions that they are competing. However, I would like Mindef to consider re-introducing the Supernumerary Scheme on selected individual games."
"8","asked Minister for National Development what are the details or plans to develop the villages/areas along Pasir Panjang Road and South Buona Vista Road."
"9","asked Minister for National Development if he will inform the House of the progress of the Ayer Rajah Expressway and details of areas affected for road widening."
"10","Sir, I have two amendments and may I be allowed to speak now, Sir. Sir, the hon. Member for Chua Chu Kang has just mentioned the plight of the residents in Jalan Teck Whye. I would like to join him on the similar plight of the residents in the Ayer Rajah housing estate. For the information of Members of the House, Ayer Rajah Estate is in Pasir Pan- 8 jang, not in Ayer Rajah. Due to the small catchment of population in the Ayer Rajah housing estate in Dover Road, the residents do not enjoy facilities that are normally available in other new towns. For example, requests for POSB and better bus services were always turned down due to the small population in the area. Stallholders in the wet market at Block 33 are suffering from poor business. Records show that the occupation rate of all available stalls in the market has been very low since the market was built in 1978. The residents complain that they have to go to Clementi New Town or Ghim Moh market in order to get a better variety of items. Sir, I was informed in this House last year that the SAF units in Dover Road Camp would be moving to a new location by mid-1986. I also understand the camp area in Dover Road was included in the original plan for Blocks Nos. 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 15, 16, 17 and 18, which are non-existent at this moment. I would like to enquire from the Minister whether there are plans to build more flats in Ayer Rajah estate when the army units move out to their new location."
"11","Sir, I wish to congratulate the Singapore Muslim Religious Council (MUIS) for being able to organize and upgrade further its activities and streamlining its administration. Congratulations also to MUIS on the production of its comprehensive annual report which, in its new format, is attractive. A summary of MUIS's activities is recorded in this report. I merely wish to touch on two matters. The first concerns deviationist teachings. I had occasion to comment in this House on the misgivings of the local Muslim community regarding deviationist teachings. Recently, the Berita Harian carried reports about this while the Friday sermons drew attention to deviationist teachings being practised in several areas in Singapore. I seek elucidation from the Hon. Minister concerned as to the true position and the steps to be taken by MUIS and other Muslim organizations to combat and, if possible, eradicate completely deviationist teachings. The second point is about religious education in the madrasahs, suraus and mosques. I commend MUIS's efforts in providing courses to religious teachers. I would like to suggest that such courses be continued and that they be opened to all organizations which conduct their own religious classes. May I ask what further steps will be taken by MUIS to study and structure syllabuses in order to coordinate religious education in madrasahs, suraus and mosques for the benefit of the local Muslim community. I hope to hear a clarification from the Hon. Minister in charge."
"12","Sir, I share the views expressed by my colleagues. I would now like to mention something about the National Stadium Loan. Sir, it would be timely at this juncture for me to restate the plight of the Singapore Sports Council concerning the repayment of the loan of $60 million, owed by the Singapore Sports Council to the Government to build the National Stadium. I know, Sir, that this matter has been raised in this House year after year, without receiving a positive response. However, in view of the significant support advocated in the Budget Statement for Tourism, Travel, Entertainment, and now the building of the indoor stadium, perhaps due consideration could be extended to the promotion of sports in the Republic. Sir, the Singapore Sports Council has been paying interest annually, ranging from $155,000 to $1.6 million since 1975. This money is obtained from the annual surplus of the National Stadium Sports Centre and its car park. Perhaps this money could be utilized by the Singapore Sports Council to promote other sporting activities, for example, renovation of the track at the National Stadium, to air-condition the Squash Competition Courts at Kallang, to provide flood lights at the various stadiums for evening usage. I could add on to this list. Perhaps I would like clarification from the Minister whether 9 the Government would consider converting the loan into a grant."
"13","Sir, I have two amendments41 Nos. (4) and (13). 1 would like to talk on these amendments now. Sir, the moral education and, in the case of Muslim students, the teaching of Islamic Religious Knowledge (IRK) has been introduced in Secondary 3 and Secondary 4 for quite some time. I would like to know whether a review has been made on the teaching of IRK. What are the problems encountered in the implementation and the teaching of this subject? I am particularly concerned about two aspects. First, the selection and training of the IRK teachers. Second, the availability of instructional materials and textbooks. I would also like to know from the Minister whether this subject could also be introduced in the lower secondary classes in future. The second topic, Sir, is with regard to extra-curricular activities in schools. I am happy to know that the Ministry has always taken a keen interest in organizing outdoor activities, such as camping and outward bound school courses for secondary students. For those in the uniformed groups, the different types of outdoor 2 activities are organized normally during school holidays. I would like to know, Sir, what percentage of student population is attending these outdoor activities, Are there difficulties in getting teachers to volunteer to become officers in the various uniformed groups? Finally, Sir, I also understand that the supervision of sports, games and PE lessons in schools is no longer under the purview of the ECA Department in Rutland Road. I would like to get information as to when was this change made and what were the reasons for this change? I would be grateful if the Minister could enlighten me on those two queries I have made."
"14","Sir, I fully share the views expressed by the Member for Chong Boon with regard to physical education in our schools. In 1983, I asked the Minister for Education on the Ministry's plan to recruit some 700 PE teachers to meet the requirements of both primary and secondary schools. I was informed then that the College could only take an intake of 50 trainees per year. It would definitely take a long time before all vacancies of PE teachers are filled. 1 Sir, physical fitness is the very basis of our national defence, increased productivity, and a rugged society. The key to a finer people is an effective physical programme for all categories of pupils in our schools. However, a major obstacle to such a programme is the lack of full-time PE teachers who are qualified enough to implement the programme. The setting up of the PE College is definitely a welcome boost to physical education in our schools. In the meantime, Sir, what steps have been taken to implement the PE programme effectively? Are there in-service courses available for teachers who volunteer to conduct the various sports activities in our schools? I would also like to know whether the PE College has sufficiently trained staff and how many of them are local personnel. I firmly believe that proper and systematic teaching of physical fitness in our schools and junior colleges is important in getting our young men to be physically fit before they enter full-time national service training. I would like clarification and a progress report on the development of the PE College up to this date."
"15","Mr Deputy Speaker, Sir, I have two hawker centres in Pasir Panjang constituency, one in Dover Road, Block 33, and the other is at Pasir Panjang Road. I think there is a need for the Ministry to upgrade these two existing hawker centres. I understand that construction work is in progress to build more stalls at the Pasir Panjang Food Centre. This is a welcome move, especially to those workers in PSA and the neighbouring factories. I would like to enquire whether the Ministry would take advantage of the construction being 1 in progress to upgrade and renovate the old stalls as well so that the food centre as a whole would be a pleasant place for locals as well as for tourists who frequent this popular food centre. I would also like to know whether there are plans to improve the environment of this area, especially to increase and improve the car park facilities available at the Pasir Panjang Food Centre."
"16","Sir, Singapore has been quite successful in its efforts to contain the drug problem. This is due to the effective law enforcement and a pragmatic and systematic programme of compulsory treatment and rehabilitation of drug addicts. However, Sir, the drug scene is never stable. Correspondingly, the drug problem is not static. It is always changing. Currently, there is a serious rise in another drug related problem, that is, glue-sniffing. To indicate the seriousness of this problem, the Singapore Anti-Narcotics Association is now spearheading the national campaign against glue-sniffing and inhalant abuse. Sir, I would like to know whether the present laws are adequate. What further steps are being taken by the Ministry to reinforce the existing laws to combat this social) menace to bring down the number of cases relating to drug abuse problems. My next point, Sir, is about rehabilitation of drug addicts. I would like to compliment the Ministry of Home Affairs for taking tough remedial actions to isolate the drug addicts for treatment and rehabilitation. Many ex-drug takers were successfully treated and rehabilitated. Sir, though at present the size of drug abuse population has been reduced in 4 number, the problem, I understand, has taken on a new facet. We are facing new problems in treating a group of ex-drug takers who have relapsed at least once. These are the hard-core addicts. I have a few of them in my constituency. The Government has introduced a tougher supervision scheme to supervise this group of people. What further steps are being taken by the Ministry to provide more intensive care and effective rehabilitation programme? Sir, may I get an assurance and an answer from the Minister?"
"17","asked Minister for National Development whether there are plans to develop the vacant land at Pine Grove, next to the Ulu Pandan Canal, facing Blocks 1C,lD and 1E."
"18","asked Minister for Foreign Affairs and Minister for Community Development whether there are plans to floodlight some of the stadiums/athletic centres in Housing and Development Board estates."
"19","asked Minister for the Environment whether there are plans to repair and renovate the mosque at Palmer Road."
"20","This mosque is one of the mosques located in our city, and it is also the focal point of not only local Muslims but also Muslims who visit our city. The question I wish to ask is: can these renovation works be expedited because the mosque is now in a bad state of disrepair?"
