"","speech"
"1","Mr Speaker, I support the motion moved by the Hon. Minister for Finance. We must be grateful that, for the past several years, we have always enjoyed budget surpluses. It is no easy task to plan and implement the national budget in such a way that an economy vulnerable to shifts in the world situation can keep thriving. The budget this year has been a cautious one, and this is explained by the uncertainties in the international business scene. Thus, a number of tax incentives have been given to businessmen. Still we find various parties who are unhappy with these facilities. Mr Speaker, the Government policy of making sure that every citizen enjoys the fruits of prosperity is evident in a number of incentives that have been provided, such as relief for the handicapped spouse and for contributions to Edusave. The 5% tax rebate would certainly ease the burden of the people. I would like to comment on a number of points raised in the debate yesterday and today. Firstly, on the restoration of 1% of employers' contribution to CPF. I am disappointed to hear a number of hon. Members complaining about the rising wage cost. Business costs should be viewed in a wider perspective. Wage cost is only a part of its totality. Rentals and utilities, telecommunication and transportation costs as well as statutory fees are also part of the cost of doing business. All these have gone up. For example, Dr Arthur Beng said that rentals have risen by 200-300%. I have not heard any company giving its workers that much a raise. The question workers ask is, with all these costs rising, why not their wages too? They know how well their companies are doing. This, they feel, is unfair. Workers have been expecting the restoration of employers' contribution to CPF during the good years before the recession. So far, we have restored 6.5 of the 15 percentage point cut. If employers and their spokesmen continue to begrudge the 1 percentage point, they are going to be viewed with low regard by their workers. Workers would press their leaders not to trust the employers and to take a militant approach. Is this what our employers and their spokesmen want? Fortunately, Mr Speaker, we can be proud that we have as leaders of our unions responsible men who have the national interests at heart. Mr Speaker, secondly, I would like to touch on training facilities provided for our workers. I support the Government policy of providing funds for upgrading the skills, knowledge and competitiveness of our workers. If the Edusave scheme is meant specifically for our children who are still in school, equal attention should be given to efforts to retrain workers who do not possess high qualifications and who are 35 years and above. Although Government bodies like the NPB, VITB and the unions do conduct classes for workers, more meaningful efforts can be made to encourage workers to attend these courses. And I would like to urge all employers to invest in such training programmes. In this regard, the Skills Development Fund (SDF) should be fully taken advantage of to further this noble aim. I would also like to suggest that companies organise inhouse skills training programmes, providing training of specific relevance to their own workers. With the end of the Gulf War, there are signs that our economy will continue to grow again. More stress should be laid and incentives provided to build and maintain a productive and highly skilled labour force. Finally, Mr Speaker, I would like to touch on the Consumer Price Index and on the cost of living. I read with interest the introduction of the water conservation tax. From 1st April, a rate of 5% will be imposed on domestic water usage exceeding 20 cubic metres a month. Although I fully support the Government's move to penalise those who waste water and other utilities, I hope the Government would also conduct programmes to educate the people on the need to conserve and be cautious in our spending. Of greater concern to me is the rising cost of living that is affecting the people of Singapore, especially the lower income group. Currently, the Consumer Price Index is at about 4%. Any real wage increase must exceed the rate of inflation, which is the concern of all, workers and employers alike. Mr Speaker, I support the motion."
"2","asked Minister for National Development whether there are plans to develop (i) the area between Buona Vista MRT Station and Rochester Park and (ii) the vacant land along Buona Vista Road and Ayer Rajah Expressway, and whether the vacant areas can be landscaped into temporary parks pending development."
"3","asked Minister for National Development what plans his Ministry has to develop the areas along Pasir Panjang Road, viz. Alexandra Lane, Alexandra Terrace and Yew Siang Road, including the site of the former Pasir Panjang Primary School."
"4","asked Minister for Communications whether bus services to the Singapore Polytechnic and Ayer Rajah Housing Estate (Dover Road) can be improved, especially during peak hours and public holidays."
"5","Sir, Singapore has enjoyed excellent industrial relations for many years. The contributions of trade unions towards maintaining industrial peace have been significant. In this regard, therefore, there is a need to ensure that the labour movement continues to be led by capable and good leaders. We have lost several good union officials when they were promoted to supervisory or managerial levels. I know only a few companies which have allowed their employees to continue to serve as branch officials when they were promoted. Sir, in the absence of a clear definition in their law or in the Act on who are considered ""executives"", disputes will continue to arise between union and management. This is not conducive to good industrial relations. A clear definition is therefore necessary. I support the proposal to amend the Act to extend the scope of representation."
"6","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head S be reduced by $10 in respect of Code SL 1500 of the Main Estimates. Sir, as we take our stride into the 1990s and aim to have a productive and skilled workforce, I would like to emphasise that we should correspondingly ensure and enhance a safe and conducive working environment in our offices and factories for our workers. the occupational health and safety of the workers is of paramount importance and must be given due attention. I am pleased to note that the number of industrial accidents has been reduced to a minimum in recent years. I understand that some companies and Government bodies have formed recreational and sports clubs in their organisations. Sports and health enhancement programmes at workplaces will not only help to improve the fitness of our workers but they will also boost their morale and invariably lead to improved inter-personal relationships and create a more conducive working environment. In addition, recreational amenities, like canteens, child-care facilities, and fitness centres should be built for the welfare of the workers when the companies can afford to do so. I should be greatly grateful if the Minister could assist in urging more companies to provide such facilities for the welfare and well-being of their employees."
"7","Sir, I thank the Minister for his reply and beg leave to withdraw my amendment."
"8","asked Minister for National Development if he will consider providing a covered bicycle park at the Buona Vista MRT Station."
"9","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head J be reduced by $10 in respect of Code JG 3100 of the Main Estimates. Sir, the report of the Advisory Council on Sports and Recreation (ACSR) was made public in early 1989. Yesterday, the Minister briefed the House on the implementation of those programmes. Sir, one of the three major themes of the ACSR's report states, ""Nation building through international champions"". What I would like to know, Sir, is this: Are there special programmes being coordinated between the Singapore Sports CouncilL, the Ministry of Education and the National Sports Associations for the training of Youth Development Programme for selected sports already identified by this ACSR. During the last budget session, the Minister of State, Dr Seet Ai Mee, mentioned the formation of a special committee to look into the Sports Excellence Programme. Could we know what has been achieved through this special committee?"
"10","I beg leave to withdraw my amendment."
"11","I would just like to ask, in addition to the queries raised by Mr Ibrahim Othman, what is the progress of Phase III of the Mosque Building Programme."
"12","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head P be reduced by $10 in respect of Code PA 1500 of the Main Estimates. Sir, the statistics available tend to suggest that there is an increase in the utilisation of health services. I would like to enquire on the profile of those who have made use of their Medisave accounts and whether the Ministry intends to strengthen efforts on Medisave audit to prevent any abuse of the system. Sir, can I touch on my second question on MediShield as well?"
"13","The MediShield Scheme was introduced in July 1990. I would like to know the number of members who have benefited from such a scheme. It was reported recently that members between 50 and 60 years of age form 20% of all those members who have opted out of the MediShield Scheme. What further plans does the Ministry intend to take to ensure that the public, especially the older members, is fully aware of the importance of this low-cost medical insurance plan to help to overcome the cost of prolonged hospitalisation and medical expenses?"
"14","Sir, I beg leave to withdraw my amendment."
"15","2. To ask the Minister for the Environment what is the proposed plan to make use of part of the Southern Islands (between Pulau Semakau and Pulau Sakeng) as a ""dumping-area"" and how this plan, if implemented, will affect marine life and the inhabitants of Pulau Sakeng."
