"","speech"
"1","Mr Deputy Speaker, Sir, I would like to support the Bill. This Bill when passed will enable any person who has sufficient CPF savings of his own to participate in the topping-up scheme to ensure financial independence of his parents after the age of 60. The participation in such a noble scheme would foster greater filial piety and a sense of responsibility for children to support their aged parents. I would like two clarifications from the Hon. Minister on clause 5 of the Bill. (1) Since the transfers could be made either through CPF accounts or with cash, I would urge that these contributions be tax exempted. (2) Whether this topping-up scheme could be further extended to adopted children and siblings of the aged persons. May I also suggest that the CPF Board take appropriate steps to inform or to explain to the CPF contributors that this is a voluntary scheme to enable contributors to help their aged parents and not a legislation to compel or force contributors to pay from their CPF accounts. Sir, I would like to support the Bill."
"2","Mr Speaker, Sir, I wish to join my fellow PAP MPs in congratulating the Hon. Minister for Finance for presenting a budget which has been well received by all parties except smokers, drinkers and those who frequent betting places. The primary objective of the Government is to revive and improve further the economy of the nation as well as raise the living standards of all segments of the society. We all know that the economic recession a year or two ago has affected both workers and employers, businessmen and entrepreneurs. The recession which has affected not only our nation but also countries with natural resources has awakened us with the realization that the affluence that we have uninterruptedly enjoyed for many years has suddenly ground to a halt. By adopting swift and pragmatic measures and implementing strategies and tactics that have the wholehearted support of the workers, employers and businessmen, we have managed to weather the adverse economic situation and braced ourselves for the sacrifices ahead in the form of CPF reduction and wage restraint. All these have helped us towards the nation's economic recovery. The basic policy adopted was to apply cost-cutting measures, consolidating our competitiveness in the world market and taking steps to attract and convince investors to come and invest here which would at the same time create job opportunities for our people. One of the main reasons for our progress and success is the close cooperation and understanding that exists between unions, employers and government. Not all countries can boast of this achievement. The confidence demonstrated by workers, besides hard work and willingness to learn new skills, has also been an important factor in attracting inter- national companies to invest in our country. When the economy is on the upswing, our workers enjoy the benefits and in times of recession, they understand the situation prevailing and make the necessary sacrifices in order to help the economy recover. In this connection, employers should constantly provide the motivation to their employees to further enhance their knowledge and skills. The budgets for the last financial year and for the current year also provided many incentives to employers in order that they could succeed and it is hoped that employers can seriously motivate their workers. It is the responsibility of employers to make commensurate contributions to the workers for the sacrifices which they had made. On the other hand, workers should take advantage of the Skills Development Fund which was set up to train and upgrade their knowledge and skills. This could be achieved by attending classes and courses on skills organized by vocational institutes like the VITB. Workers should not remain passive. They must seriously show their keenness to upgrade their capabilities. I believe that in the long term, this will further upgrade the nation's economic status consonant with the new economic programmes for the country. We are fortunate because a good industrial relations climate prevails. It is hoped that employers will take the initiative to further foster the understanding with their employees in order that they will strive harder and be more loyal to their companies where they work. I am aware that there are companies, particularly House Unions which have already provided facilities for the welfare of their workers. Speaking on the subject of company welfarism, we find that there are still many employers who have not as yet fully grasped the concept of company welfarism. In Japan especially, the company welfarism system does not end by providing workers with recreational facilities and generous wages. In fact, it is extended to look after the welfare of the members of the family and the education of the children of the workers. I hope the Government will look into the suggestion to encourage many more companies to implement company welfarism. It is even better if government agencies themselves can pave the way towards this end and emulated by other companies. It is natural and easy to criticize or condemn a suggestion. But to do something for the benefit of the public at large and in the interest of the nation is not easy. Only those who shoulder responsibilities can feel the brunt of their tasks. I feel somewhat disappointed with the Member for Potong Pasir who advanced some strong arguments but the end result was that he had nothing to offer on how we could together revive our economy. Unfortunately he is not in the Chambers now, so I better get on with my speech. Mr Speaker, Sir, one obvious matter that has been given great emphasis in the Budget by the Government is the new policy concerning procreation. Many incentives have been offered in order to encourage married couples who can afford it to have three children or more. I wish to refer to the article in the Berita Harian issue of 6 March 1987 captioned ""Family Budget"" and I quote: 'Certainly, the tax deduction incentive of $20,000 over a five year period and other incentives will make married couples who previously were reluctant to have three children have second thoughts on the matter. Although those who fall within this group will enjoy the incentive, yet a closer examination reveals that it is targetted at the higher income group. Statistics show that it is this particular group of people who, in the main, are unwilling to have children for reasons either that they are preoccupied with their career or that they prefer a way of life free from the encumbrances of children. The question of affordability which is the determinant factor governing the new policy of procreation must be recognized by all. Yet, the capability to raise three children or more is not measured by a high income although the couple can afford the services of a maid servant. Can the parents have the time to give their fullest attention and love to their children? The upbringing of children nowadays differs vastly from that of yesteryear. Social problems may arise if parental control is lacking. On the other hand, for parents of low income who wish to have many children, they must first consider thoroughly the cost aspect. Be that as it may, the decision to have more children rests solely with parents. The incentive offered is just the beginning. In the long term, it is the parents who will bear the cost of upbringing their children. It is well that we must appreciate our capabilities before deciding on whether or not to enlarge the family.' Finally, I wish to support the motion thanking the Hon. Minister for Finance for presenting the Budget for FY 1987 for a happier, healthier and a brighter future."
"3","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head K be reduced by $10 in respect of Subhead KA-02 of the Main Estimates. Sir, I would like to clarify certain positions envisaged by many Members here and I have to declare my interest. I am a Commanding Officer of the Reservist Unit and have served in the Armed Forces for more than 22 years. I have served in the colonial days. I have served during confrontation and I am still serving the Armed Forces now."
"4","As soldiers, we must be prepared for any eventuality and I take very strong exception to the remarks made by the Member for Potong Pasir in that this type of debate may incite the emotional feelings of our Singaporeans. The less we say, the better. But there are approaches that we can -"
"5","Yes."
"6","Sir, allow me to speak freely without any interruption so that we can get a clear picture."
"7","I take strong exception to what he said that the Malay MPs are doing nothing. They should speak up now."
"8","For the information of Members of the House, the Malay MPs have been continuously discussing with the young leaders of the Government on how best we can work together towards this. The only mistake the Malay MPs have done is that they did not publicize what they have done. I think that is the greatest mistake and I would suggest that most probably this should be done in the open and we explain to our society what we have done so far."
"9","Yes, long before the Member for Potong Pasir came into this House."
"10","Well, let results speak for themselves."
"11","Sir, I have certain observations to make with regard to this amendment. First, I would like to say that I am quite happy with the increase in the Defence budget. Whatever the economic situation may be, we should not curtail our Defence expenses and compromise on the state of operational readiness and upgrading of the Armed Forces. Sir, last year I raised the question of improving the training and retraining of our reservists and upgrading the other capable other-ranks to be more responsible by giving them appointments that will be on par with their high position in their civilian professions. I would like to know whether relevant courses are available for these intelligent young leaders at the lower ranks to upgrade themselves and be promoted to the higher command posts. The other point that I would like to raise again this year is the need for all soldiers, whether regulars or reservists, to be imbued with the correct attitude with a sense of pride and commitment and to play their part seriously as defenders and protectors of the nation. Sir, we must always inculcate a sense of patriotism among young national servicemen. There are two institutions that play important roles in moulding the minds and the hearts of our young citizens and instilling in them the sense of belonging, the sense of dedication and loyalty to the nation. First, the schools through the flag-raising ceremony, singing of the National Anthem and the reciting of the pledge. Another institution is, of course, the Singapore Armed Forces. The SAF plays a more important role in nation-building in the context of a multi-racial and multi-religious society. Like schools, where every school-going child has a place, the SAF should also take in all eligible young men into the NS training and train them, educate them, discipline them and mould them to be loyal and patriotic to the country. Sir, while I welcome the assurance that more and more young Malays will be absorbed into the SAF, I would like to see that this be fulfilled, cautiously of course, but within the shortest possible time. Otherwise we will lose the opportunity to produce loyal and patriotic Singapore Malays. In 1967, at the early stage of our SAF build-up, the then Minister for Defence, Dr Goh Keng Swee, introduced the Code of Conduct. Several senior commanders and also several civilians, prominent leaders, gave very long and useful courses to our commanders at all levels, whether they are divisional commanders, battalion commanders, company commanders and so on. What I wish to ask is whether these Code of Conduct lessons are now properly being taught by instructors who them- selves are motivated so that they can permeate that sense of patriotism to our young national servicemen. For the information of Members of this House, in the early days in 1967, every soldier had to keep this [indicating], to learn and, if need be, to memorise some of those points just to make sure that they understand this. I doubt whether our soldiers do carry this nowadays, or whether they take this as just a low priority lesson in their classrooms where more priority is given to physical training and other forms of weapon training. To me, this is important because you can have all the best facilities, the best weapons, but if the hearts and the minds are not behind those weapons, you will never motivate them to be patriotic. What I would like to know is whether the Ministry of Defence is still conducting these lessons, and how effective and how serious are these lessons taken."
"12","Mr Chairman, Sir, I was talking about the important role played by the SAF in nation building when we were interrupted by the lunch break. Sir, nation building is a long and tedious process, as explicitly explained by the Member for Bukit Batok. One way of instilling a sense of patriotism and for our young soldiers to take NS training seriously and take pride in the SAF is through the proper teaching of Code of Conduct. There are six rules, and with your indulgence, Sir, I would like to read only three rules: Rule (1) We always honour our Nation. We will do everything to uphold it and nothing to disgrace it. Rule (2) At all times, we must bear in mind that we are the protector of our citizens. Rule (3) We are loyal to the Armed Forces and we take pride in our unit, our uniform, our discipline, our work, our training and ourselves. In order to be effective this subject must be taught by competent instructors or, better still, by the commanders themselves. I would like to seek assurance from the Second Minister for Defence whether there is an effort to revive and review the teaching of the Code of Conduct in the Singapore Armed Forces."
"13","Mr Chairman, Sir, before I withdraw my amendment, I would like to get the assurance from the Second Minister for Defence to monitor and, if need be, to review the teaching of the Code of Conduct so as to enhance the process of nation building in the SAF. Sir, I would like now to withdraw my amendment."
"14","Sir, I have two issues to raise. They are Pine Grove HUDC housing estate and the Pasir Panjang Wholesale Centre. Under Pine Grove HUDC estate, I would like to enquire on the following. The Pine Grove RC has requested for facilities to enhance the housing estate but so far there has been no positive action from the Ministry of National Development. We understand the problems faced by residents during the ""no-buy back"" policy by the HDB recently. At the Parliament sitting on 27th October 1986, the then Minister for National Development said that HDB would consider the provision of these facilities. Could the Ministry elaborate what plans it has to enhance the estate outlook? How many units are still vacant in the Pine Grove Phase 1 and Phase II respectively? What is being done to market these empty units? One way is, of course, by enhancing and adding popular recreational facilities to attract the would-be buyers. Next, what is the vacant land next to Pine Grove adjoining the canal to be used for? This land is not the big URA land adjoining Clementi Road/Commonwealth Avenue West but rather immediately facing Pine Grove Block 1C and Block 1D and 1F respectively. This piece of land has been neglected for the past three years with the exception of occasional grass-cutting. Would the Minister consider allowing a resident living in Pine Grove to upgrade by returning his earlier flat to HDB and paying the difference in price between his earlier flat and the latter? For example, from a 3-room to a 4-room or to a maisonette or from an apartment to a maisonette in the same estate. My last query on Pine Grove, Sir, is: would the Town Council concept be subsequently introduced in this area? If so, with which adjoining area would it be merged? Now I would like to deal with the plight of the vegetable and fruit wholesalers at the Pasir Panjang Wholesale Centre. The merchants at the Pasir Panjang Wholesale Centre have approached me on several occasions about their problems and grouses. I would like to know what is the main objective of Government in building this trading centre. What is the main role and what are the prospects of the wholesalers at this centre? The shop tenants gave up the convenience of their former low-rental places and moved into the wholesale centre in response to the call by URA, in the belief that the wholesale centre would be the only and the largest central trading area for vegetables, fruits and dried food in Singapore. They are surprised that other wholesalers still exist in Joo Chiat Road, Thomson Road, Woodlands Road and Teck Guan Street. They feel that this is an unfair competition as wholesalers in other areas do not pay rentals and are more conveniently located. Besides, the Malaysian fruit and vegetable traders, especially the fruit traders, do not have to pay any tax, rentals or PUB bills, etc. and they sell their goods direct to the retailers without going through the wholesale centre. These practices affect the merchants' business at the Pasir Panjang Wholesale Centre. Some merchants have shifted out or are preparing to shift out from the centre to the roadside to sell their goods. Most of the wholesalers find it difficult to do business in this vast wholesale centre. The relevant authority could help to alleviate the problems of the merchants by, I suggest, first, building more car parks and loading and unloading lots for the tenants and improving the design of the building. The stalls and the vegetable paths are too small and too narrow, especially at Blocks 9, 10 and 12. Adopt the import system similar to that of the Central Fish Wholesale Market. It would be more effective if the authority could ban or control those illegal sellers. Sir, the stringent control of pesticides used on fruits and vegetables to meet the environmental sanitation requirements and the publicity given to this perhaps would help to attract more tenants and customers to buy from the wholesale centre rather than buying from any other sources. Next, reduce the rentals to help the present tenants ride over their difficult times now. Lastly, provide a bus service since the bus station at West Coast Highway was built four years ago. Perhaps I would raise this again under another amendment under a different Ministry later on."
"15","asked Minister for National Development (a) whether there will be any public housing programme for development of Ayer Rajah Estate when the Singapore Armed Forces Units move out of their old camps in Dover Road later in 1987; (b) if so, whether the Housing and Development Board will consider building 5-room or executive flats there; and (c) whether he will give details of the housing programme, including the amenities to be provided."
"16","Sir, when will this plan be finalized? And would it be possible for the HDB to discuss with the community leaders regarding additional facilities and amenities required to meet the need of the residents, shopkeepers and stallholders in the estate?"
"17","asked Minister for Labour what at the measures taken by his Ministry to further reduce industrial accidents in the construction industry; (b) what is the basis for carrying out inspection of construction work-sites by inspectors from his Ministry; and (c) how often are the inspections made."
"18","Extra-Curricular Activities (10) That the sum to be allocated for Head L be reduced by $10 in respect of Subhead LC-05-1210 of the Main Estimates."
"19","Development of the College of Physical Education (31) That the sum to be allocated for Head L be reduced by $10 in respect of Subhead LF-01-8211 of the Development Estimates."
"20","asked Minister for Law (a) whether there is any plan to resettle the residents of Pulau Seking, the only inhabited island of the Southern Islands; and (b) if there is no definite plan for resettlement, whether the Land Office will further enhance maintenance works and provide facilities for the islanders who are mostly senior citizens."
"21","Sir, would the Minister consider the possibility of an early resettlement of these senior residents? They are now facing a lot of difficulty especially when there is a bereavement, the burial has got to be carried out in the mainland. And there is also the problem of medical facilities. Therefore, I would like to seriously ask the Minister that, as the population is dwindling, whether he will consider an early resettlement of these residents."
"22","asked Minister for Communications and Information what is the progress of the Mass Rapid Transit system in respect of Buona Vista Station and whether there will be any provision for taxi stands or bus terminus for shuttle service."
"23","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head Q be reduced by $10 in respect of Subhead QD-02 of the Main Estimates. Sir, since the introduction of national service Construction Brigade in 1981, two training schemes were introduced and several changes and improvements were made in the basic military training as well as in the skill or vocational training. I would like to ask for more details regarding the new training scheme and what improvements have been achieved to reduce or eliminate the earlier problems of poor work attitudes and absence without leave (AWOL) cases among the national servicemen. Sir, I understand that there is still a need to improve communications or inter-personal relations especially between the national service trainees and the work site supervisors. Although steps are being taken for remedial action, I still feel that much more could be done by the work site supervisors or contractors or subcontractors to improve communication and human relations. Work site supervisors can play an important role to motivate the young national servicemen and to persuade them, if possible, to join the construction industry when they have completed their full-time national service training, especially when they are equipped with the necessary vocational training. Sir, I feel that the employers should be enlightened in detail on understanding the Construction Brigade's scheme in detail so that they could contribute to the success of the whole Construction Brigade. I would like to know what further progress is made to upgrade and improve the working conditions of the Construction Brigade's national servicemen who are deployed at the various work sites. Are there plans to motivate the national servicemen to feel that they are contributing positively to the national service? They feel that the Construction Brigade is not as important as the Police or the SAF, but I feel that this is part of their contribution to the total defence and I think they should be encouraged to be more proud of their national service training. Sir, what I can gather is that normally there are not many problems during the first three months of basic military training and also during the one-month skills training organized by the Construction Brigade in conjunction with the VITB. Problems normally occur after these basic courses. Perhaps more dialogue or discussions could be held with the contractors or subcontractors to help the supervisors understand the problems of our young national servicemen so that they can be positive in their attitude and contribute positively towards the national service training. I feel there is a lack in publicity especially with regard to the second scheme that has been revised for improvement. Perhaps the Ministry could consider giving more publicity to the nature of this training scheme and also to inform the parents because most of them have this misconceived idea that the problems that occurred in the first 17 intakes still exist for this particular new scheme. I would like the Ministry to enlighten me on this."
"24","Sir, I am satisfied with the detailed explanation given by the Senior Parliamentary Secretary and I beg leave to withdraw my amendment."
"25","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head N be reduced by $10 in respect of Subhead NI-01-1210 of the Main Estimates. Sir, I would like to raise two issues under this amendment. (1) Upgrading the lower income group of workers; and (2) the statement made by the Ministry of Finance on the 5-day work week. Sir, under the present civil service technical scheme of service, including statutory boards, emphasis is given to paper qualifications. As a result of such emphasis, quite a number of long serving and loyal staff who do not have good education but have vast practical experience and exposure are not promoted. These lower level employees, namely, the daily-rated and Division IV officers are stagnated and disappointed at the maximum of their salary scale. I feel that more weightage perhaps could be given to practical ability, good performances and experience rather than paper qualifications. I would also like to inquire from the Minister what efforts are being made to train or retrain these lower income group of employees and whether funds, such as the Skills Development Fund, can be readily made available to upgrade this category of workers. I would now like to touch on the alternate 5-day work week. We all know that civil servants are expected to perform a minimum of 42 hours and up to 44 hours per week. There are many patterns of working hours, one of which is the alternate Saturday off. I understand that one statutory board has introduced this scheme for about 10 years now and have found it to be successful. The introduction of such schemes has improved the morale of the staff and it does not incur any additional expenses. In fact, productivity of the staff is known to have increased. Sir, this 5-day work week has been well received, particularly by the working mothers who have been making a vital contribution at the time when the labour market situation was tight. On 16th February 1987, the Ministry of Finance issued a directive to all Government departments and statutory boards to cease the practice and to revert to the normal 5 1/2-day week by 1st April 1987. The Ministry of Finance should explain explicitly to the affected staff the rationale for such a move. A mere simple statement would not be able to clear misimpressions about the Government policy. I feel that statutory boards which have been given autonomy to decide on their personnel matters should continue to be given that flexibility to adopt their personnel policies as they are the ones who could understand their requirements well."
"26","Sir, I would like to withdraw the amendment."
"27","I am not moving, Sir."
"28","asked Minister for National Development what steps are being taken to clear the pockets of villages that are still scattered along Pasir Panjang Road and South Buona Vista Road in order to meet the target set by the Government to clear all squatterland by 1988."
"29","Mr Chairman, Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head R be reduced by $10 in respect of Subhead RI-00 of the Main Estimates. Under this amendment on industrial health, I would like to confine myself to three points only, owing to time constraint. They are safety committees, noise induced deafness (NID) and, lastly, visual display units (VDU) safety. Safety committees. The Factories Safety Regulations stipulate the composition of safety committeesand also on the duties of this committee, such as inspection of factory, investigation in accidents or dangerous occurrences, to assist in organizing activities to promote safe conduct of work in factories. With the introduction of the Factories Safety Regulations in 1975, safety and health at work places became self-regulated. This is a positive step in the right direction. However, I understand there are still a number of companies which have not formed safety committees. I would like to know what steps the Ministry is taking to ensure that all companies comply with these regulations. Safety committees which are formed merely to satisfy the law should also be checked. Could the Ministry take stringent measures to ensure that safety committees are formed in accordance with the requirements under the regulations? Sir, we should not compromise on the safety and health of our workers. On the other hand, it may be worth while for the Ministry to consider recognizing the good efforts made by successful safety committees in line with that accorded to QC circles. Companies which engage less than 50 workers but have voluntarily formed effective safety committees should also be given due recognition. I would now like to touch on noise induced deafness (NID). Noise in the work place is a health hazard and noise induced deafness is a leading occupational disease in Singapore. The number of confirmed cases of NID has increased from 90 in 1983 to 606 in 1984 and 1,423 in 1985. The Ministry of Labour introduced the Factories (Medical Examination) Regulations in May 1985. The regulations made it compulsory for employers to arrange for pre-employment and periodical medical examination for their workers who are exposed to a wide range of health hazards including noise. More than 27,000 workers were medically screened for NID in 1985. Out of this group, more than 1,400 are new cases of NID. I also understand that 50% of these NID cases come from the metal working industries. It is noted that there is no cure for noise induced deafness, either medical or surgical. Loss of hearing in whatever degree cannot be recovered. Therefore, it is important that all practical and feasible measures must be taken to combat NID. Workers must be made aware of such disease. In this regard, I would like to know what initiative does the Ministry take to encourage such awareness among the employers as well as the workers. Is there an overall improvement in the situation since the introduction of the Factories Medical Examination Regulations in 1985? Sir, my last point is on the VDUs or visual display units safety. The development in technology in the field of microelectronics and information processing has given rise to rapid growth in office automation in most areas of industrial activities and VDUs have been widely used at the work places. This has given rise to the problems of maintaining the health of the VDU operators. It is reported that some people have suffered such symptoms as headaches and tired eyes. And this has led to anxiety about the possible long-term effects of VDUs, especially radiation. In order to prevent any misconception of the ill effects of working with VDUs, it is necessary for the Ministry to circulate guidelines suitable to local application. This would be useful to allay the fear of some employees working with VDUs. Sir, I understand that a number of countries like Japan, the United Kingdom and Denmark, have already formulated their own guidelines. It would be useful for the guidelines to emphasize on the following: (1) Is the radiation from VDUs harmful to health? (2) Does a worker need any protective devices such as spectacles, screens, aprons or any form of devices against the radiation from a VDU? (3) Would the eyesight of an employee be affected by working long hours with a VDU? (4) Could the radiation from a VDU harm an unborn child of a pregnant woman working with a VDU? There are many other questions that I would like to raise. Perhaps I would like clarification from the Minister."
"30","Sir, I beg leave to withdraw my amendment."
"31","Financing of the Singapore Sports Council (21) That the sum to be allocated for Head J be reduced by $10 in respect of Subhead JL-01 of the Main Estimates."
"32","asked Minister for Education whether there is any plan to develop the area occupied by the former Pasir Panjang Primary School."
"33","Supplementary question, Sir. Is there a plan to build another primary school in the Constituency, as two primary schools in Pasir Panjang have already closed down within the last five years?"
"34","asked Minister for Communications and Information whether the Singapore Bus Service (1978) Limited will increase the number and frequency of the bus services serving the area to meet the demand of commuters from Ayer Rajah Estate, the National University of Singapore, the Singapore Polytechnic and the schools in Dover Road."
"35","asked Minister for National Development whether there are plans to develop (i) the vacant land between Alexandra Terrace and Alexandra Lane and (ii) the piece of land (from Perak House) next to the Pasir Panjang Community Centre."
"36","asked Minister for National Development (a) if he will report on the progress of the road works that run concurrently at (i) Ayer Rajah Road, (ii) Clementi Road, (iii) Pasir Panjang Road and (iv) Commonwealth Avenue West; and (b) whether pedestrian overhead bridges will be built and safety measures taken to minimize accidents along these new expressways."
"37","Sir, I wish to commend the Hon. Minister for the efforts made in introducing the long-term CPF rates of contribution. The proposed scheme is a step towards consolidating our efforts at safeguarding the interests of our people, especially the older workers. When successfully implemented, the new CPF scheme ---"
"38","I am asking a question later on, Sir."
"39","I would like the Minister to clarify some of the points that I have here. (1) Based on the current collective agreement, what is the percentage of contributors in the age groups of 55-60, 60-65, and above 65 years old? These are the age groups that are directly affected by the new scheme. (2) Will the public sector take the lead in raising the retirement age from 60 to 65 years? (3) How will these proposed CPF rates affect the public sector employees who are on the pension scheme?"
"40","asked Minister for Labour what is the latest unemployment situation and whether his Ministry has plans (i) to encourage part-time employment, (ii) to persuade employers in the private sector to increase the retirement age of their workers and (iii) to monitor the supply and demand on foreign workers so as not to jeopardize our own people of job opportunities."
"41","Sir, in view of the increasing responsibilities of MUIS in coordinating these new functions, does it have sufficient staff to cope with this, or has it sought the people who can really give better service than the pilgrim brokers?"
"42","asked Minister for Labour how many establishments have concluded wage reform agreements; of these, how many are unionised and non-unionised and what steps his Ministry is taking to get non-unionised establishments to expedite wage reform."
"43","asked Minister for Labour, since the introduction of the Factories (Safety Committee) Regulations, 1975, (a) what percentage of factories, which are required to set up safety committees, have complied with the Regulations; and (b) what measures his Ministry has taken to ensure compliance with these Regulations by all affected factories."
"44","asked Minister for Labour what steps are being taken by his Ministry to monitor and further reduce the accident rates in the construction and shipbuilding industries."
"45","Mr Deputy Speaker, Sir, I would like to support the Central Provident Fund (Amendment No. 2) Bill. The Amendment Bill deserves our support as it contains improvements to the original Act. For example, in the Amendment Bill, clause 4 (section 25B(4)), the spouse of the joint-owner is allowed to use his or her contributions in the Fund to pay for the whole or part of the premium which the joint-owner is likely to pay under the new Scheme. This means that both spouses can be covered under the Home Protection Insurance Scheme (HPIS) even though one of the spouses is not a CPF member. Another improvement in the Amendment Bill can be found in clause 5 (section 27(1)) which makes the HPIS effective on the execution date and not to be delayed for one month as in the original Act. This means that HPIS members will benefit from an early start of the insurance. The Bill can be further improved. For example, the new section 25(5)(a) of the Amendment Bill states that the HPIS does not apply to a member if he is 55 years of age or above. Since the Government is now trying to encourage our workers to continue working after 55 years of age, will the Minister consider extending the age limit for the HPIS to, say, 60 years old? Section 25A of the amended CPF Act actually bars a person who is not in good health from joining the Scheme. Perhaps the Minister could explain to this House in greater detail the kind of illnesses that would prevent a person from joining the Scheme. Finally, Sir, may I get clarification from the Minister: when will the Scheme be implemented, and whether the CPF Board will give sufficient information to its members before the implementation of the Scheme."
