"","speech"
"1","Mr Speaker, Sir, I rise to support the motion standing in the name of the hon. Member for Siglap. Sir, the President mentioned that Singaporeans should not only have their material needs met, but also able to enjoy meaningful and fulfilling life. Many hon. Members have spoken at length on the National Ideology, education, economy and the need to support the lower income groups, the unskilled workers, to improve themselves through training and retraining, so that they too could upgrade their lives. Many of my Malay MP colleagues have also mentioned the aspirations and desire of the Malay community to move ahead and join the mainstream. I fully share the views of hon. Members on the above issues and would like to see that the Government is concerned and try to implement some of the recommendations which are practical and feasible. Mr Speaker, Sir, last year, the First Deputy Prime Minister announced the formation of six advisory councils to look into the various ways and means of improving the quality of life for all Singaporeans. I believe most of these committees have already submitted their recommendations. Earlier today, the hon. Member for Ulu Pandan eloquently spoke about the Arts and how it contributes to improving the quality of life. Now I would like to speak on sports and recreation, a topic which seems to be at the lowest priority. Sir, the emotional stress of urban living, the rich and the plentiful food available to most people, the ease of an era of machines and the sedentary way of life, have generally made Singaporeans rather soft and vulnerable to both physical and mental ailments. And these, to a certain extent, tend to mar the quality of our life. Sir, with the adoption of the Government's Sports for All policy in 1973, there has been an active promotion of physical fitness and sports among school children, national servicemen and the masses. There has been a greater awareness of the importance of sports. I know many hon. Members as well as Ministers have played their part in spearheading the sports movement. However, I still feel that active participation in sports and other recreational activities by the general public is still not up to the level ideally preferred. Although the average Singaporean is aware of the desirability and the benefits of sports, and intends to get more of it, he is stacked against his driving need to succeed and to be secure in the framework of an intensively competitive society. Time spent in sport has often struck him almost as a form of self-indulgence. This lifestyle will have to change if one wants to enjoy good health and a good quality of life. How does sport contribute to this good quality of life? Sports like art, music, contributes to the development of many personal values. it contributes to good character, loyalty, altruism, self-control, fortitude, health, physical fitness and mental alertness. As the growth of an individual or a society is a process, encompassing every aspect of human functioning and emotion, sports' contribution to the desired growth of the individual as well as the society can never be over-emphasized. Sir, one of the primary values of sport is that it provides an opportunity for people to interact, to socialize and to overcome a sense of isolation by joining social groups. In our society, such groups are important in that they provide individuals with a sense of belonging rather than isolation. Group participation offers a realistic training ground for both cooperation and healthy competition. An individual must learn to cooperate with others, to accept group rules, to impose self-discipline and to subordinate his own wishes, when necessary, to the desires of the overall group. In multi-racial Singapore, this aspect of development is also important for nation building. Sports can help to forge our people together as it has no racial or religious barrier. What better way than to start taking part in sports and games, if not from young, in the schools? Through participation in group activities such as sports and games, young children can learn to control their emotions and to express themselves in socially acceptable ways - to take responsibilities, to respect others, to be considerate, to be tolerant and to work as a team, etc. In short, they learn to get along well with others at the same time, the esprit de corps inherent in such team activities often leads to life-long friendship. Today, the priority on academic excellence, modernization and unavoidable western influence have brought with them their woes and bad influence. The luxury of life has perpetuated a sedentary lifestyle in most Singaporeans and some of us are crumbling under work and family pressures. Our children and youth are caught up in the high-paced pursuit of academic excellence. Consequently, there is a lack of exercise resulting in obesity and lack of proper physical and motor development in them. I recollect there were three articles in the Straits Times sometime in August 1988 which reflect the situation of our children's plight at the primary school age who are overweight. I know the Ministry is looking into ways and means of how to improve in this area. It is indeed timely that the recommendations made by the Sports and Recreation Advisory Committee be looked into seriously and, if possible, to implement them as soon as possible. And for sports to make an impact in any society, it must start from the very young. Sports and its benefits must be introduced and taught to our children right from the home, from pre-primary school, or if need to, throughout the secondary school. Then the interests and habits of participation will be carried through the child's later years and society as a whole will definitely benefit. Sir, I understand that schools plan their Extra curricular activities programme which, while providing for health and enjoyable sports and recreation activities, may also teach pupils skills in a particular game or sport and at the same time cultivating in them great values and desirable social attitudes and habits which I have just mentioned earlier. The question is, are there sufficient qualified physical education teachers and adequate facilities available to cater for the various needs and interests of our young pupils? I understand, Sir, that the number of activities a school provides for its pupils depends upon the availability of expertise among its staff members, availability of facilities within the school premises and the interests of the pupils themselves. However, I am happy to note that the Physical Education College has been established and new intakes of trainees are undergoing full-time courses, but it will take some time before we are able to produce enough qualified physical education teachers to be sent to all our primary schools. I do hope that more and better facilities are available when new primary schools are being built in the next five to 10 years. By and large the most important factor to succeed in sports promotion is the acceptance and encouragement by parents and society as a whole, and this is the best guarantee for a sporting future for the whole generation. If our children are given opportunities to learn to practise the basic elements of movement, if the young have the chance to use them in a wide variety of sports and games, and enjoy doing them, then sports for a lifetime will be assured. As it is mandatory for male youths to undergo national service, there is an inevitable need for them to be fit and strong for the physical and mental demands of military training. The experience I gained when I was in the Armed Forces is that for those trainees who were sports enthusiasts in their schools find no difficulty in adapting themselves to the rigorous military training. It is only when you are fit you are confident; when you are confident you can do your work better. One way of ensuring this is to inculcate in: em, from young, the habit of indulging in sports or any other type of outdoor activities such as adventure training, orienteering, canoeing and the like. Perhaps our youth groups that we have in the various community centres should seriously consider the promotion of sports in their activities besides all the other social activities. When our youth enter adulthood, they will immediately be part of our workforce. Whether in the office or the factory they are playing an important economic role that demands a healthy body and a healthy mind. As a reservist, these workers have to maintain a certain level of fitness as they have to be prepared for any eventuality at any time. One way of maintaining this condition of mental and physical efficiency is by encouraging them to continue participating in sports. The many intangible values of sports provide tremendous benefit to the individual and the company he is working for. From research conducted in the developed countries, sports in industries seems to increase productivity, reduce turnover and absenteeism, and even boost the morale of the employees. Studies have also shown that sports can help to relieve the tedium and tensions of work and reduce feelings of alienation and apathy between employer and employee. In this respect, I know there are some industries, some big companies have already provided facilities for their staff to do physical training or recreational activities, but I would like to urge more companies, especially the big ones, to provide these amenities for their staff and employees. Mr Speaker, Sir, we have been reminded again and again that Singapore is a small country. We have only human resources to talk about. Whether the population is fit and healthy, or unfit, will sooner or later become a question of national concern. The need for sport and physical fitness cannot be over-emphasized if we are to enjoy a more meaningful and fulfilling life and become a middle class society and continue to work together to build a nation of excellence. Sir, I support the motion."
"2","Mr Speaker, Sir, I want to talk on extra-curricular activities in schools. I would like to know whether the Ministry has plans to implement the recommendations made by the Advisory Council on Sports and Recreation. The Report recommends among other things: 'By improving the PE in school and the ECA sports programme, a better quality of life through sports can be achieved.' Another remark made by the report is, ""by giving more importance to the acquisition of lifetime sports skills in schools"". My questions are as follows: How will the Ministry provide sufficient number of qualified PE teachers in primary schools to teach the basic rudiments of skills training in the selected sports and games? I would like to suggest perhaps, to overcome some of the problems, the Ministry could liaise with respective national sports associations which have qualified coaches and expertise to help schools to nurture some of these skills in sports training. The Ministry could also encourage schools to select and promote certain games according to the interest and enthusiasm shown by the students and teachers. Some schools are known by the games that they have played. For example, St. Andrews known in the early days for its rugby and perhaps boxing. Anglo-Chinese School known for its athletics and maybe swimming. And many other schools that have excelled in some of these sports. My next question is whether the Ministry has any plans to provide up-to-date sports facilities to meet the demands of training of some of these sports when new schools are built in new housing estates . My last point is on talents and nurturing of skills or potentials among youngsters in schools. Some students may be about average in their academic performance but have natural talents and aptitudes in art, music or even games. I would like to support and reiterate the point made earlier by Encik Wan Hussin, Member for Aljunied GRC, when he mentioned about MENDAKI and the Ministry of Education working together to improve the performances of the Malay students. Perhaps both MENDAKI and the Ministry of Education should also look into the non-academic areas in which Malay students have natural talents. By helping them to develop their potential talents, it would enhance their chances for success in life later on, especially those talented in areas like creative or designing arts, music or even sports. Hopefully, we can get more Iskandar Jalils, Sulaiman Suhaimis, Jaffar Ahmads, Zainal Abidins and Fandi Ahmads, to name a few who have been successful in their respective skills."
"3","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head L be reduced by $10 in respect of Code LF 9863004 of the Development Estimates. Sir, I will be very brief. First, I would like to commend the Ministry of Education for its efforts in building a modern building for the College of Physical Education with well equipped sports facilities. I would like to know from the Minister whether these up-to-date facilities could well be extended to our national sports associations for our athletes and sportsmen to use during the evenings or even during the weekends. I would also like to know whether the Ministry has plans to increase the number of trainees in the PE College to meet the demands for PE teachers in schools, especially in primary schools, as recommended in the Report of the Advisory Council on Sports and Recreation."
"4","Sir, I withdraw my amendment."
"5","Mr Speaker, Sir, the Advisory Council's Report on Sports and Recreation is a detailed study on attitudes, standards, trends in sports and recreation in Republic of Singapore. The Advisory Council must be commended for its in-depth study and report and its recommendations must be taken seriously. Sir, the Report made recommendations which could undoubtedly help to improve the standing of sports and recreation in our Republic. the recommendations affect and involve mainly the Ministry of Education, Ministry of Defence, Singapore Sports CouncilL and its various agencies. In view of this, I strongly urge the Ministry to liaise with the respective Ministries and bodies concerned to as much as possible fulfil all the recommendations as soon as possible. I know the Minister mentioned earlier that the Government has considered and rejected the recommendation of the supernumerary scheme. However, I beg to appeal to the Government to review this decision if we want to excel in sports. Sir, I would like to make the following observations. I was involved when I was in the SAF as the Secretary of the Singapore Armed Forces Sports Association when this scheme was implemented. The supernumerary scheme was practised in the Singapore Armed Forces from about 1968 till 1979 when it was discontinued. Under the scheme, at any one time, there were only 75 national athletes who were national champions or combined schools champions from all the various sports. And they had the privilege to continue their training while they were in the Army. the supernumerary status did not exclude athletes from all military training. In fact, they had to undergo the vigorous basic military training (BMT) and the vocational training. And they were later on distributedor posted to the various non-combat units. During their national service, they also had to perform military duties in between their athletic training. As they form only a small number, they did not disrupt or adversely affect the SAF and its military training. We all know that those with potential as officer cadets, commanders and section leaders and many other combat units, were exempted from this scheme because we wanted them to contribute positively in the military training. Because of this scheme, we produced quite a number of good sportsmen and, in many cases, the Armed Forces excelled in all the national competitions. For example, many of the players in the national hockey team came from the SAF. They were performing very well and on par with the Malaysians, who were then and still are, one of the best in Asia. But the standard of our hockey team today is totally a different picture. Another example is that our Malaysia Cup team of the '70s could attri- bute much of its success to the good supernumerary scheme."
"6","Yes, Sir. We produced stars like Kim Song, Seak Poh Leong and many others. What I would like the Minister to consider is to seriously review the whole scheme to concentrate only on the games recommended by the Committee."
"7","asked Minister for National Development what is the future development plan for the former Singapore Armed Forces camp area in Dover Road and the vacant land near the Buona Vista Mass Rapid Transit station."
"8","Sir, the SAF camp has been there for the last two years, unattended, as the Minister said. I would like to know whether it is possible for the Minister to consider expediting whatever development programme that he has so that the residents within the vicinity of the area could have a better environment."
"9","asked Minister for Home Affairs what steps have been taken by the Civil Defence Unit to improve the training and performance of Construction Brigade National Servicemen."
"10","asked Minister for Home Affairs whether the plan to set up a neighbourhood police post at Pasir Panjang Road has been finalized."
"11","Mr Speaker, Sir, the Minister has made known the Ministry's policy that the Government acute hospitals will be redeveloped and restructured. I fully understand the rationale for the proposed plan to restructure the Singapore General Hospital and subsequently other hospitals, to enable the hospitals greater autonomy in managing their own affairs with a view to improving the standard of services to the patients. I support this move. However, I would like to ask a few questions of the Minister: (1) What is the progress on the redevelopment of Government acute hospitals? (2) Would these hospitals be similarly restructured as in the case of the Singapore General Hospital? How would the interest of the poor patients be safeguarded? For example, will there be enough subsidized beds and what assurance can be given to the public that the poor and lower-income workers will continue to get the services that they are now getting at affordable prices? (3) Finally, how will this restructuring exercise of the Government hospitals affect the employment and terms of service of the medical staff, the doctors, the nurses, etc, in these various hospitals that are going to be redeveloped?"
"12","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head P be reduced by $10 in respect of Code PD 1500 of the Main Estimates. Sir, I am going to talk about shortage of nurses and health therapists. The Ministry is aware of the shortages of nurses and health therapists. Some of the reasons given so far are as follows: no local training course, insufficient number of candidates taking up PSC scholarships and uncompetitive salaries. Sir, I would like to know what further steps are being taken by the Ministry to train more health therapists in view of the problems of the aged in the future. Would the Ministry consider improving the salary scheme of health therapists with a view to encouraging more school leavers to take up health therapy as a career?"
"13","I thank the Minister for his reply and I beg leave to withdraw my amendment."
"14","asked Acting Minister for Health whether he is satisfied with the outcome of the recent Singapore Medical Council Inquiry in which a neurosurgeon in private practice was suspended from practice for 12 months for gross negligence in the management of a patient resulting in the patient's death; and what action he will take to ensure that similar cases are more severely dealt with in future."
"15","asked Minister for National Development whether the Housing and Development Board has finalised any plans (i) to redevelop the former Mindef Camp in Dover Road into new housing units and (ii) to convert the flats in the vacant Block 22, Dover Crescent into bigger units."
