"","speech"
"1","Mr Speaker, Sir, I rise in support of the Motion moved by the Member for Mountbatten in thanking the President for his lucid Address outlining the national objectives and guidelines for this Parliament. Sir, before I touch on some of the aspects of the President's Address, I wish to seek your indulgence to say a few words of tribute to our mentors - the older and more seasoned MPs. I dare say, Sir, that we in Singapore are fortunate to have been under the care and comfort of proven leadership of men who, over the last 21 years, have led our island Republic to both fame and prosperity. They have not only charted a well-designed course for the future, but have also guided and motivated our people to react to the guidelines and policies by consensus of opinion. Under the circumstances, Sir, this trend of understanding should, by all means, be strengthened to the extent of creating an atmosphere of alertness and awareness, amongst the masses, or political, economic and social developments in the local, regional and international scenes, that affect their lives in one way or another. This would certainly enhance their sense of appreciation of the need of certain legislations and policies that are formulated from time to time. The Government, on its part, should do its best to inform the public, well in advance, as to the reason for the creation of such legislations and policies, in order that the people understand and assimilate the implications. Sir, the road to progress and nationhood as experienced during the last two decades has not been a smooth one and it is not going to be any simpler in the future either. Therefore, Sir, there is a crying need to instil in our youngsters, the majority of whom have been the beneficiaries of our national affluence, the correct attitudes of perseverance and diligence for the achievement of our national goals. And I would say, Sir, that the prime and basic element to be inculcated in them is a profound sense of discipline - as the hallmark of a progressive society is a disciplined people. Discipline, Sir, to quote a brilliant military man, is the sacrifice of a man's comfort, inclination, safety, even life for others, for something greater than himself. It is the refusal to be the weak link in the chain that snaps under strain. Mr Speaker, Sir, now in all humility to our President's rather apt and clear-cut Address, I wish to add a few comments. /Three Major Tasks/ The three major tasks that confront our Republic, as outlined in the address, are clear, precise facts which have added reality to the problems ahead. They pose as life-saving beacons for our society to reach the shores in total safety in what is likely to be troubled waters. /Management and Labour/ Sir, it is evident that the coming years would see a gradual retardation in the process of economic growth. As such, it is in the best interests of both management and labour to come to grips with the problems, from all angles, as quickly as possible and jointly work towards harmonious and fruitful relationships. Besides diligence and efficiency, the quality of high professionalism coupled with a deep sense of commitment should prevail. These would, I am sure, go a long way to tide over any unforeseen obstacles and help to foster a climate of achievement both in the organisation and the nation. The relationship between management and labour should be one that promotes an atmosphere of mutual co-existence. The workers should aim at enhancing their skills through improved training facilities which should be the responsibility of the management to provide. /Singapore Armed Forces / It must be emphasised, Mr Speaker, Sir, in no uncertain terms that the very success of our nation at industrialisation has been largely due to Singapore offering the much desired security for our overseas investors. To cater for this we have a unique system of national service by which thousands of citizen-soldiers are trained each year. But there is still the misconception amongst our youths especially that their duty to the nation ends with their stint at national service full-time training. Therefore, Sir, firm action must be taken at all levels to eradicate this notion. One of the effective ways to act upon this is to educate our youths on the need for national service. We have to educate them prior to their enlistment through a series of activities to promote greater awareness while they are still in school. Attempts should be made to open the channels of communication for students to clear their doubts and correct any misconceptions about national service. To achieve this, the best way is to establish a link between MINDEF and secondary schools and colleges. This link could be established by sending officers to give talks and, if need be, go into the Advisory Committee of the schools and through making available informative films. By the same token, it is enlightening to note that MINDEF has taken positive steps to enhance the quality of our regulars and have taken action to attract the best personnel to join the regular forces. It is also reassuring to be informed that effective plans are in the pipeline to upgrade quality of training, at all levels and disciplines, for both regulars and reservists, in keeping with current trends. As the maxim goes, ""The more we sweat during training, the less we bleed in war"". Mr Speaker, Sir, after some 15 years of independence, there is evidence of the emergence of a Singaporean life-style. This, no doubt, incorporates the best elements of both Western and Eastern cultures. A trend like this is good, especially with regard to the acquisition of knowledge and technology. While those are essentials for our material success, they should not, however, be allowed to cloud the spiritual and moral needs of every individual. It is necessary, therefore Sir, that a concerted effort be made by all quarters to promote moral and spiritual well-being amongst our people. This, I am sure, Sir, would go a long way to create a more accomplished individual. /Singaporean Attributes/ Mr Speaker, Sir, it is an undeniable fact that the history of Singapore's industrial progress is also the history of the determination and grit of its leaders and citizens. Singaporeans since historical times have believed that hard work, thrift, self-reliance and honesty are the pillars of success. These attributes should be fostered and always be implanted into the hearts and minds of Singaporeans, particularly the younger generation. With these virtues, we would be able to overcome any problems in the future. /Physical Training in Schools/ Sir, great concern has been expressed in the Ministry of Education Addendum to the President's Address as regards the shortage of younger male teachers in our schools to handle certain sports activities. I believe, Sir, that physical education is an essential attribute in the growth of children. It is also part and parcel of education. It assists not only in the physical development of students, but also caters for the development of character through the inculcation of teamwork, esprit de corps, tolerance and sportsmanship. I believe the Armed Forces have in the past provided assistance to secondary schools in providing instructors for certain games, such as rugby. One way to alleviate the shortage problem of physical training teachers is to call upon the SAF to continue to assist schools in providing instructors for manly games, such as rugby, soccer and perhaps hockey on a part-time basis. Another alternative, Sir, would be to encourage sports organisations in the Republic to assist secondary schools particularly in providing qualified coaches to train young boys on a voluntary basis as part of their service to the community. Finally, Mr Speaker, Sir, I wish to express once again my sincere thanks to the President for his vivid Address. Being a new Member, I intend to hear and learn, especially from the more experienced and senior Members. I know there is much to learn in this field and I hope to contribute positively to maintain the high traditions of this House in the future."
"2","Mr Speaker, Sir, I wish to congratulate the Minister for Trade and Industry and Minister for Health who has presented a Budget that will certainly make all those involved, namely, workers and taxpayers, happy. A feature in the Budget that exudes euphoria is the income tax rebate of 10% for this year and the announcement that next year the income tax rates will be lowered. The impression created is very clear - the aim of the Budget is to achieve national economic and social objectives. From the economic point of view, this is in line with our national economic policy for the next 10-year plan which is moving towards industrialization. This means that higher skills and expertise is required, thus giving an opportunity to workers to upgrade their skills and earn higher incomes. And with higher incomes, they will certainly be in a better financial position. For the purpose of striking a social equilibrium, the increase in the relief for the maintenance of handicapped dependants from $1,000 to $2,000 is most welcome. Mr Speaker, Sir, after studying this year's Budget, I find it difficult to fault or to criticize it, as it is not quite possible to think of a more satisfactory budget. I say this on the basis of the current world economic climate and forecasts of uncertainty in the years to come. From the reactions of the public, it appears that this year's Budget will greatly contribute towards the general welfare of workers in Singapore. Sir, the plan to broaden the income tax net by bringing in those categories of people who were not previously taxed, such as hawkers, taxi drivers, etc., is most appropriate and timely because the task of shouldering the burden of public expenditure should be shared by all citizens with regular incomes and not just by wage-earners who are unable to evade tax because they cannot hide their actual income. I would like to suggest that the Government should further improve the income tax structure by raising the personal relief from $2,000 to $3,000 because this is more in line with the diminishing purchasing power of money. This will benefit workers in the medium-income brackets who earn between $5,000 and $35,000 a year. Another suggestion which I would like to put forward with social objectives is that the tax relief for the maintenance of aged parents be further raised from the present $750 to $2,000 which is equivalent to the relief for the maintenance of handicapped dependants. I feel that maintaining aged parents who are very old is not an easy task. And this task is even greater if the burden is shouldered by workers in the lower income and middle income groups. Sir, allow me now to touch on other matters mentioned by the Minister for Trade and Industry and Minister for Health besides the detailed statement made by him when he drew attention to the increase in the price of oil. The most important statement made by him is the challenge to workers and employers to create a favourable climate for cooperation in order to achieve common objectives and to refrain from working for their separate self-interests. The budget reflects optimism that targets will be achieved. What is hoped for is that both employers and workers change their attitudes and understand fully our economic and social objectives and to move forward together and work hand in hand in harmony for common survival. They should be dependent on each other; one requiring the help and assistance of the other so as to maintain and further strengthen the standard of living and economic position. Sir, I would like to suggest here that unskilled workers who have made sacrifices for many years should not be neglected. Measures ought to be taken to give them appropriate skills according to their ability so that these loyal workers will not be dropped out and left behind in the race and in the efforts to restructure the country's economy in the use of new technology in the new industries in the future. To the young workers who have just entered the labour market, they must be instilled with a positive and enthusiastic attitude, a spirit of discipline and responsibility because every worker should be conscious of his role to further stabilize and develop the economic and social condition of our state. In conclusion, I would like once again to congratulate the Minister for Trade and Industry and Minister for Health for his joyful Budget."
"3","Sir, I would like to seek some clarification on the number of times the Workmen's Compensation Act has been reviewed. Are there any provisions made for the rehabilitation of workers who are unable to continue with their normal work due to accident or other mishaps?"
"4","asked First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Education, in the current restructuring of the economy and upgrading of skills of workers, whether there are specific plans to train or retrain workers in the industrial and manufacturing sectors."
"5","asked Minister for Communications and Minister for Labour if the number and frequency of bus services for the residents of Ayer Rajah Estate (Dover Road) can be increased, particularly during weekends and on public holidays."
"6","asked Acting Minister for Social Affairs how many boys are currently living in the various social welfare homes and what forms of education, including vocational training, are being provided to prepare them for gainful employment upon their discharge."
