"","speech"
"1","asked Minister for Communications and Minister for Labour what steps are being taken to reduce the number of accidents in the building construction and shipbuilding industries which showed an increase during the year 1982."
"2","asked Minister for National Development whether his Ministry has any plans to (a) develop the areas occupied by the former British army Quarters along Ayer Rajah Road, namely at Medway Park, Wessex Estate and Hyderabad Road; and (b) widen Pasir Panjang Road and Ayer Rajah Road so as to alleviate traffic congestion along these two main approaches to the Jurong Industrial Estate ."
"3","Mr Speaker, Sir, I rise to congratulate the Hon. Minister for Trade and Industry for presenting a realistic and pragmatic budget. It is, in fact, a sequel to his Budget Statement in 1982. In utter earnestness, he forewarned this House that 1982 was going to be a grim year with disturbing trends in unemployment and protectionism in industrialized countries. True enough, the state of recession and consequent economic downswing in Western Europe as well as in the United States of America have affected the whole world. /Recession and its Effects/ The effects of this recession which have been far worse than that of 1975 have rocked even nations that have been on firm and sound economic footing. I dare say, Sir, that Singapore, through the keen foresight and efficacious planning of its Government, has managed or, I should say, is managing to weather the storm though not without setbacks. While our productivity level has somewhat declined, the essential, potent features of our industrialization programme-full employment and the maintenance of international confidence in our economic politics and management - have been kept up. Mr Speaker, Sir, it is indeed heartening to note that there are already hopeful signs that the United States of America is pulling itself out of the doldrums and this, I am sure, would have advantageous effects upon developing countries. In the meantime, we have to take advantage of this lull period in the world economy and prepare ourselves for the future. We have to equip ourselves to face the changing trends in industrial situations. In particular, the surge towards automation, robotics and computerization is in vogue. Workers in the traditional industrial environment must avail themselves of the opportunities of the future and take definite steps to change attitudes, adjust, educate and retrain. /Sophisticated industrial environment/ Working in the modern and sophisticated industrial environment - requires certain minimum standards of education and skills. Robots and computers, no doubt, will do given jobs faster, accurately and efficiently. But these must be programmed and handled by human power - human power that is skilled and knowledgeable from the lowest to the highest levels. Talking about human power, Mr Speaker, Sir, it has been mentioned that more than half a million of our workers have less than primary six education. Despite this, they are vital to our manpower needs. We must not neglect this sector of our workforce. Upgrading their standards of literacy and numeracy should be the prime concern of all agencies concerned with manpower development. /Basic Education for Skills Training/ The Skills Development Fund appears to have benefitted the upper echelon staff such as managers, supervisors as well as skilled workers. This is encouraging and in line with national objectives to upgrade performance and consequently increase productivity. On the contrary, those in the lower rung do not seem to have received the same impetus with regard to their enhancement in skills achievement and literacy level. Nevertheless, steps are now being taken to rectify this sordid situation. The Basic Education for Skills Training (BEST) Programme conducted by the Vocational and Industrial Training Board involves about 5,000 workers from some 60 firms. Similar courses are being conducted to upgrade the level of literacy of some 1,000 National Servicemen. I would also like to mention here, Sir, that the serious nature of the situation has also been taken note of by the NTUC,which has initiated BEST classes for three intakes in July 1982, October 1982 and January 1983 involving more than 7,000 workers. I would like to further urge other employers to contribute positively by motivating the unskilled workers to take advantage of the various BEST classes and courses conducted by the employers at their work-places as well as those conducted by NTUC and VITB. I can assure the House, Sir, that the trade unions will continue to conduct such and similar courses for the benefit and well-being of the workers. But, as a long-term measure, I would like to suggest that a proper study be made of this shortfall in the literacy level of those half a million workers so that the Government, statutory boards and the unions could work in unison to ensure that this lot of the workforce improve themselves and prepare themselves for the future. /Housing/ Mr Speaker, Sir, it is heartening to note that positive steps are being taken to build more flats to meet increasing demands. Skilled workers from non-traditional sources are now available to expedite the building programme. However, efforts must be made to encourage local workers to become interested in construction work and to be more skilful in the long run. Efforts should also be made to inform and educate both potential construction workers and parents on the advantages of pursuing a career in the construction industry. Assurances must be made that careers in the construction industry are relatively safe, challenging and rewarding. /Tax incentives/ Sir, the tax incentive announced by the Minister for retired persons and housewives is most welcome, and this would definitely spur them to continue contributing their wealth of experience and expertise to the nation. The imposition of tax on liquor and tobacco does not affect most of the people and the increase itself is too negligible to cause any concern to those who indulge in smoking and drinking. /Energy Conservation/ Mr Speaker, Sir, finally I wish to touch briefly on energy conservation. I wish to support the Minister's call for energy conservation and his condemnation of energy wastage. His suggestion that energy conservation campaigns be continued from time to time is a timely reminder to the citizens not to be wasteful and to take things for granted. Sir, I beg to support the motion."
"4","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head L be reduced by $10 in respect of Subhead LB-02 of the Main Estimates. Mr Deputy Speaker, Sir, I rise to voice my concern and apprehension over the state of, and interest shown, in physical fitness and mental health by our youth. In the pursuit of academic achievements and material gains, I am afraid, most of our youths are neglecting their physical well-being. To be successful even in material comfort, Sir, physical fitness is an essential factor for it is said that a sound body breeds a sound mind. Physical fitness is the very basis of our national defence, increased productivity and rugged society. I am aware of the fact that far from utilizing a considerable part of their energy, enthusiasm and interests in physical activities, most of our youths in schools are deeply engrossed in the paper chase. In this context it would be true to say that the present day youths lack the adventure spirit that was prevalent in the youths of earlier generations. I am sorry, Sir, that when I speak about physical fitness I seem akin to an old gramophone record that keeps repeating on the same groove. The key to a fitter people is an effective physical education programme for all categories of pupils in our schools. However, I gather that a major obstacle to such a programme is the lack of full-time PE teachers who are adequately trained. According to statistics available from the Resource Planning Branch of the Ministry of Education, there are a total of 882 PE teachers in our schools and most of them do not possess any diplomas, degrees or certificates in physical education. Furthermore, the majority of them are untrained or partially trained. To emphasise the dire need for an effective and proper training institution to train PE teachers, Sir, the question of setting up a College of Physical Education in our Republic was raised on a previous occasion in this House. It is quite some time since the Minister of State of Education stated that action was being taken to set up the said college, and I would like to know how the project is progressing? When will the first batch of graduates be available to give the long overdue boost to physical education in our schools? In the meantime, what steps have been taken to implement the PE programme effectively? I wonder also if any form of monitoring is done as to the proper implementation of the PE programme in schools, particularly taking into account the interest shown and inclinations of the Principals and staff. I have to seek answers to these queries, Sir, because shortfalls in the implementation of the PE programme at all levels of schools, have resulted in a snowballing effect in the army when our youths report for National Service. Much time is wasted in attempting to build up the physical fitness of our NS trainees before they begin their basic military training. If our youths are sufficiently and physically prepared while in schools and junior colleges, then much time and effort could be saved. To solve this problem effectively, I feel it would be pertinent to instil the qualities of physically-fit consciousness amongst our youths right from an early age. Once this attitude is firmly inculcated in our youngsters, it would become a part of the normal way of life. Keeping oneself fit could also have an important place in life, just as would acquiring sound education, wearing good clothes or eating nutritious food. Such youths would become an asset to the nation. This attitude could be further fostered and nurtured in the Armed Forces, so that it remains in their minds and habits well into adulthood and old age. Furthermore, Sir, with about 70% of our people living in HDB flats, life in general, has become more domestic and sedentary. Thus, it is all the more necessary that people, both young and old, become concerned with the promotion of physical fitness. In order to achieve this realistically, it is imperative that a dedicated and enthusiastic corps of Physical Education teachers, well qualified and motivated, be formed. This corps of specialists, while catering for the general physical well-being of society, could also provide special assistance to those who wish to excel in their chosen field of games and sports. Hopefully, the future national team participants could benefit immensely through proper and specialized coaching by these PE experts. Finally, Sir, I would like to get further feedback and clarifications about the progress of the long awaited PE College."
"5","Sir, in view of the assurance given by the Minister of State, I beg leave to withdraw my amendment."
"6","Sir, I have another amendment, No. 7. May I have your permission to speak on this amendment as well, as the two amendments are inter-related?"
"7","Sir, the Ministry of Labour must be complimented for the selfless effort made in the field of industrial health and safety. The Ministry has played a significant role in the implementation of the laws pertaining to industrial health and safety in terms of its application, enforcement and its promotion. It is noted that various other measures have been taken by the Ministry to augment the existing system notably in educating the industrial workers on the safety and occupational aspect. Nevertheless, even with the relentless efforts made by the Ministry in the field of industrial health and safety, there are still areas in which further improvement could be made, viz: (a) in the enforcement and inspection area; (b) promotion of labour welfare and education. The areas mentioned above are specifically directed at the industrial work sites with particular emphasis on the ship building and the building construction industries. I have directed my attention to these two particular industries as it is felt that immediate and meaningful action should be taken to the two areas as outlined above. I am particularly concerned with the number of industrial accidents which are taking place especially in the two industries. Statistics show that the shipbuilding industry recorded an increase of 2% from 1,239 in 1981 to 1,264 in 1982 respectively in the number of minor accidents and permanent disablement accidents. The number of fatal accidents has, however, shown a significant drop of 57.1% from 21 in 1981 to nine in 1982. The building construction industry had a relatively bad year in 1982. There was an increase of 35% in the number of minor accidents and an increase of 76% in the number of permanent disablement accidents as compared to 1981. The number of fatal accidents increased by 75%. (the number of minor accidents, permanent disablement accidents and fatal accidents were 1,377, 44 and 49 respectively in 1982 as compared to 1,020, 25 and 28 respectively in 1981). The two main causes of fatal accidents in the construction industry in 1981 were:- (a) fall of persons (12 cases); (b) struck by falling objects (10 cases); and (c) the other two cases were electrocution (two cases) and vehicle and transport (four cases). Sir, the House is aware that the Building Construction industry will have to play a very special role in the 80's. With the MRT project, the building construction industry will be in its full capacity, let alone the continuous construction that will be taking place in the building of private housing. If statistics is anything to go by, I am afraid to note that the building construction industries deserve special attention from the Ministry of Labour in terms of occupational health and safety. Perhaps I may say that despite the rigid legislation and the stringent enforcement by the Ministry of Labour, industrial accidents in the building industry are escalating. The trend denotes that greater emphasis should be given in areas of enforcement and inspection. Perhaps the Ministry will take into consideration the role wherein the building construction industry will have to play especially with the MRT project. The Ministry will have to pay particular attention to the number of enforcement personnel and in the frequency of inspection that may be required. This is particularly important because not only will the building construction industry demand the added attention but also with the type of technology that are to be introduced in the industry, may warrant certain types of specialists in the field of industrial health and safety. The Ministry's role in this area is magnified and due care and attention must be given to the lives of the workers who may be deployed in the industry. If I may add, perhaps when it deems necessary, harsher penalties will have to be imposed on those who flout safety regulations. Sir, I also would like to draw the House's attention to the newspaper report on 8th March 1983 which stated that only 2,000 workers out of the total 80,000, i.e. 2.5% only in the building construction industry have received formal training on industrial health and safety pertaining to their trade. The reasons given for such a low figure for trained workforce as outlined by one official from the Singapore Contractors Association are as follows:- (a) Language has been the main problem in the medium of instruction, ie English is the medium used and the majority of the building construction workers are not literate to understand the medium. (b) that there is insufficient priority given by the contractors for such safety courses. (c) that contractors find it difficult to release their men for such courses due to shortage of labour in such industry. If one were to analyse the main reasons given above, it would imply that the Ministry of Labour has a greater role to play in assisting the workers of the building construction. It is sad to note that the Ministry of Labour do not have sufficient trained personnel who are qualified to conduct courses in the language required and as such many of the workers may not be able to benefit the effects of a safer work environment. Perhaps the Ministry could pay immediate attention to the problem which had surfaced in the training and education of workers in the building construction industry. With the MRT project, building construction industry will play a greater role towards our economic progress. The building construction industry has been plagued by shortage of labour over a period of years. Genuine effort is being made to remedy the situation and to entice Singaporeans into the industry. Our problem to be self-sufficient could be greatly magnified if it is found that occupational health and safety is neglected in the very industry which we try to promote. On the contrary, we should try to allay the fears which are affecting our Singaporeans to make a living in the building construction industry. I have dwelt on the subject of occupational health and safety for one purpose, that is, each year, statistics show that industrial accidents are on the increase. Lives have been lost unnecessarily, either through neglect or ignorance. Such lives could have been saved if correct attitude and proper education could be instilled into our workers especially in the building construction industry. This is where both management and government can play an important role towards labour welfarism. The Ministry can greatly assist in this area for the purpose of making the building construction industry a safe and healthy place to work."
"8","Sir, I have two points to raise. (1) /Flats for Lower Income Group/ I would like to draw the attention of Members of this House to the remarks made by the Hon. Minister for Trade and Industry in his Budget Statement. I quote: 'Our public housing construction programme is now in full swing. 87,000 units are under construction, 66% more than the figure a year ago. Construction costs have stabilized as the supply of building materials improved. Singaporeans aspiring to own their own homes at a price within their means can look forward to have their hopes fulfilled.' I would like to get clarification from the Minister for National Development whether there are plans to continue to build sufficient units of 2- and 3-room flats to meet the needs of the lower income group of workers who are not able to buy or rent bigger flats. (2) /HDB Maintenance Policy/ Many flats in HDB apartment blocks built during the last 10 years are fitted with wooden bedroom windows. Owing to constant exposure to the elements, the woodwork has warped out of its proper shape, making it very difficult for the windows to be properly closed during rainy weather. In a good number of cases the hinges become loose and sections of the window frames have rotted away. Incidents of glass panes, sections or whole windows falling from high-rise flats are not uncommon. Examples are:- (a) In November 1982, at about 11.30 a.m., a window pane crashed down to the ground floor pavement from a 11th floor window at Block 39, Dover Road, in Pasir Panjang Constituency. Fortunately, the void deck was deserted at the time and no passers-by were hurt. (b) On 4th February 1983, during a wind-storm in the night, the lower section of a window frame on the 20th floor of the same block came loose and landed in the children's play area about 20 metres away. (c) I have been informed that a case was reported of a whole window failing onto a parked car from an upper storey flat, completely damaging the roof of the car. The incident happened in a neighbouring constituency. The HDB disowns liability for flat maintenance after six months of occupation by the purchaser. It can only help to recommend contractors to repair or replace damaged windows. Residents, faced with defective or damaged windows, pay heavily for such repairs whenever they are required to do so. The HDB has also turned down requests by residents to change all wooden windows to sturdier ones with metal or aluminium frames. According to the HDB, approval will only be given provided all the residents agree to change and are willing to share the cost. The new windows must also be of HDB-approved design. Getting all residents in one block to agree and also to pay the cost of replacing the windows is next to impossible for many reasons; one of which is whether all concerned can afford the cost. While the residents can continue to tolerate bad windows, the risk of passers-by getting injured or even killed by falling windows is real and cannot be ignored. This risk will increase as the condition of the windows deteriorate with time. Must residents wait for fatal accidents to occur before the HDB shows more concern? In the event of injury or death caused to innocent people as a result of a fallen window, who is to be blamed? It is ironical that some 5-room flats (which cost more) are fitted with wooden windows whilst 3-room and 4-room flats (which cost less) have windows with metal frames. I would be grateful if HDB could review the seriousness of this situation and take remedial action."
"9","May I have some clarification, Sir. the incidents I mentioned are real and did happen. Never in my statement did I mention that timber is bad. I have lived in wooden houses and I know the state of timber. As regards this particular problem, these incidents happened and I gave two instances, I would appreciate if the Minister could direct the area officer to assist the residents in taking remedial action before such incidents occur again in this particular block."
"10","Sir, I beg to move, That the sum to be allocated for Head K be reduced by $10 in respect of Subhead KB-01 of the Main Estimates. Mr Speaker, Sir, in a debate on budget allocation for the Ministry of Defence, one cannot miss the opportunity to pay tribute to the men who were involved in the rescue operation in the cable car incident recently. These men from Singapore Air Force deserve all the praise due to them for their courage, determination and grit in the face of odds as well as their sense of purpose and dedication to duty. Their action exemplifies the state of readiness, efficient planning, thorough preparation, decisive action and intelligent execution - all in the line of duty. Their courageous act, no doubt, has won the admiration and sense of pride of our citizens, let alone the enhancement of confidence that we have of the capability and skills of the SAF. By the same token, Sir, it is pertinent to state that our Armed Forces continue to uphold the good standards and review, update and improve their doctrine, training techniques as well as their sense of preparedness. Preparedness encompasses the three vital components of attitude, military skill and knowledge, And to complement this as well as to withstand all odds and exigencies, it is also essential to be prepared with physical fitness all the time. 6.45 p.m. Sir, I would like to touch on the facilities provided for, and emphasis accorded to, this question of physical fitness in our Armed Forces. We have an army that is combat-ready to meet all eventualities. This is no doubt living proof of their professional capabilities. I would like, however, to enquire, Sir, whether the same state of proficiency prevails among the men as far as recreational and sporting skills are concerned? Do they attach the same level of importance to the maintenance of physical fitness as they do to uphold their professional competency? We all understand, Sir, that young sportsmen who have represented the Youth and Combined Schools teams - sportsmen who excelled in their respective games - are subsequently drafted into national service. I would like to know whether these up and coming sportsmen, besides contributing towards national service, are also given ample opportunities to continue and advance in their sporting pursuits? This strategy would be tantamount to striking the iron while it is hot, for this is the age range for them to reach the peak in their sports life and performance level. I am raising this point, Sir, because during the last SEA Games in 1973 more than 50% of the sportsmen representing Singapore came from SAFSA. Moreover, as far as I can recollect in the years 1973, 1974, 1975 and 1976, SAFSA became the champions in most of the national competitions and the majority of these sportsmen represented Singapore in international competitions. I am not sure, however, Sir, that similar standards prevail now. Sir, training in our Armed Forces does not end with the national service. In Singapore we have a reservist army that has to be combat-ready! Thus the maintenance of physical fitness is of paramount importance in the life of all reservists. After 2 or 2 1/2 years of full-time national service, most of our young men have to maintain not only their technical or professional skills in soldiering but also continue to be fit and alert when they are in the reserve. The reservists, Sir, are as vital as regulars, in times of action. They cannot be considered as second rate soldiers. They have to operate in platoons, companies or even battalions, with other fellow reservists. Thus, under such trying circumstances a physically unfit reservist is not only a danger to himself; he also endangers the lives of his colleagues and the success of the operation. In view of this, Sir, I would like to seek clarification from the Hon. Minister as to what steps are being taken from time to time to maintain minimum standards of competency and physical fitness. Besides, what facilities are available for the reservists to indulge in healthy, recreational activities so as to pursue the interest which they acquired while doing full-time National Service?"
"11","Sir, I am grateful for the answer given by the Minister of State. I beg leave to withdraw my amendment."
"12","Mr Speaker, Sir, I am taking this opportunity to congratulate the Muslim Religious Council of Singapore (MUIS ), the supreme body in Singapore administering Muslim religious affairs in Republic of Singapore, for its judiciousness in the discharge of its ever-increasing role and functions from year to year. MUIS 's ability and capability to tackle its multifarious activities, such as the Mosque Building Fund, Fitrah (Tithes) collections and matters pertaining to the performance of the Haj pilgrimage, are already public knowledge and recognized by the Muslim community in particular. I understand that MUIS is presently considering and planning several new projects which will benefit the Muslim community in Republic of Singapore . One of the feasibility studies undertaken by MUIS is the construction of an Islamic Centre. Undoubtedly the construction of the proposed Islamic Centre will receive a good response from the Muslim community in Singapore, particularly from existing Muslim associations and organizations throughout the length and breadth of Singapore. In the light of the foregoing, I seek further information from the Hon. Acting Minister for Social Affairs concerning the Singapore Islamic Centre. First, what is the basic objective of the proposed Islamic Centre, and how could it further enhance the bonds of harmony between the Muslim organizations in Singapore for the furtherance of missionary activities? Secondly, what paraphernalia and facilities will be available at this Centre, and eventually who will be administering the Islamic Centre? Finally, where is the source of the Construction Fund and, subsequently, the source of the fund for the Administration of the Islamic Centre? I hope the Hon. Acting Minister can furnish the information that I seek."
"13","Mr Deputy Speaker, Sir, ever since the Committee on Productivity published its report in 1981, there has been concern among workers over the proposal to hive off a part of the employee's CPF into some welfare fund. The Central Provident Fund (Amendment) Bill, when passed by the House, will allow employers to implement the COWEC scheme. Although the COWEC scheme has been discussed by the National Productivity Council, the workers are largely ignorant of the scheme. I must add that there are also many employers who are equally ignorant of the Scheme. The COWEC scheme needs wider publicity and explanation to the workers at grassroots level. While the top union leadership understand that the objective of the Scheme is to promote a closer, stronger link between employers and employees, the rank and file members, the ordinary workers, have not quite grasped this. Everyone who is going to be affected by the Scheme should first know what it is about. What does it entail? How will they benefit? Therefore, before the COWEC Scheme is implemented, there must be an active effort to inform all workers, in a simple and straightforward way, so that they fully understand the Scheme. They should be assured that they will not lose out if they participate in the COWEC Scheme. Most of our workers know about CPF. They know what returns they can get out of the CPF contributions. Many of them also depend on CPF contributions to pay for their HDB flats. When we propose hiving off part of it to form COWEC, there will be concern among them over whether COWEC can be used to pay for their HDB flats. Since the number of workers who are paying for their HDB flats is not inconsiderable, it would be wise to give a categorical reassurance once again that COWEC will help workers pay for their homes. COWEC is something new and, naturally, workers will compare the new scheme with existing benefits that they enjoy. Some of the questions that our workers will ask include:- First, how does COWEC affect the CPF Scheme? Secondly, what can workers expect to benefit from COWEC? Will these benefits be the same as existing benefits, but paid for by their own CPF funds? Thirdly, how does COWEC work? Are there examples of proposals that have been worked out which the Minister can reveal that would help explain this? Fourthly, how will the workers' interests be safeguarded? Will workers have a say in the management of the COWEC Fund? Will the Central Provident Fund (Amendment) Bill that we are discussing contain safeguards? What happens if the COWEC Fund is mismanaged? When details are made known, I am sure our workers will have more questions. If the COWEC Scheme is to be successful, we have to clear the doubts of the workers in the factories. It is only when they fully understand, can they be motivated by such a Scheme. The objective of the COWEC Scheme is to strengthen the link between employers and employees. As such, the management must see the Scheme as beneficial. Yet, we find that at the moment some of them throw cold water on the Scheme. They regard administering the COWEC Scheme as an extra burden, extra responsibility. Such an attitude reflects their attitude towards their employees. Even if the Scheme were to be compulsory and handsome returns are gained from the COWEC Fund, there will not be any loyalty because the attitude of the employers does not merit loyalty. We must remember that the Scheme is meant to help strengthen the link between employers and employees, and this will only be achieved with the right management attitude. Perhaps the sceptical employers will change their attitude if they understand what COWEC is about. An active effort to explain it seems very necessary."
